# TAMU WEBGIS
>

### Learning Objectives
- Create Github account
- Explain basic Git commands
- Set up development environment 
>

# 1. Overview
Web mapping (also known as Internet mapping, Web GIS, Internet GIS) is the process of using maps on the Internet. Web mapping usually involves a web browser or other user agent capable of client-server interactions. Questions of quality, usability, social benefits, and legal constraints are driving its evolution. A web map is both served and consumed, thus web mapping is more than just web based cartography, it is a service by which consumers may choose what the map will show. Web GIS emphasizes geospatial data processing aspects more involved with design aspects such as data acquisition and server software architecture such as data storage and algorithms, than it does the end-user reports themselves. The term "web map" often implies a map that is not simply on the web, but rather one that is powered by the web. A digital map is a map on a computer, a web map is depends on the internet. It is usually interactive, and not always self-contained, meaning it can grab components from other locations on the web. The two big concepts are tiles, which are gridded images that make up the basemaps, and geographic features, which can be points, lines/polylines, and polygons, are used for displaying thematic layers. Tiles are static and non-interactive, while the geographic features layers can be dynamic and offer user interaction. The advent of web mapping can be regarded as a major new trend in cartography. Until recently cartography was restricted to a few companies, institutes and mapping agencies, requiring relatively expensive and complex hardware and software as well as skilled cartographers and geomatics engineers. Web mapping has brought many geographical datasets, including free ones generated by OpenStreetMap and proprietary/commercial datasets owned by Navteq, Google, Waze, and others. A range of free and open source software such as QGIS, uDig, to generate maps has also been conceived and implemented alongside proprietary tools like ArcGIS. As a result, the barrier to entry for serving maps on the web has been lowered.
>
[Credits to Bo Zhao and Oregon State](https://github.com/jakobzhao/geog371/tree/master/lectures/lec02)
>

# 2. Github is your friend
Maybe you've heard of the website [Github](https://github.com)? It's an awesome and insanely useful site for storing and sharing your projects 'in the cloud'. Imagine you've just finished a really neat-o app and BAM! your computer explodes. There goes all your hard work huh? Well if you use git in conjuction with Github you would have nothing to worry about as your project would be safe and sound. What if you make a crazy change in your project and suddenly realize that it'll never work but you can't undo all your changes with CTRL + Z? Git's got your back as you can view your code at any point in time since the first commit. Github is a repository for mainly open source programming projects but you can also store any project you'd like on there. Keep in mind that with a free account any project you upload to Github is viewable and downloadable by anyone anywhere.

## Basic git commands
Try not to confuse the program git with Github. Git is a VCS or version control system. It's a program which manages code with snapshots, or commits as git calls them, in time allowing the user to select a previous snapshot and load the code that was present then. In the grand scheme of things, there are only a handful of git commands you'll actually use in this class. Below are those commands with a brief explaination and usage of said command.
>
Usage | Command
--- | ---
Clone a remote repo to your computer | ``` git clone https://github.com/user/link-to-project.git ```
Get status of local repo | ``` git status ```
Stage a file for commit | ``` git add FILENAME ```
Commit staged file changes to local master with message| ``` git commit -m 'detailed message of what has changed in this commit'```
Get list of local branches | ``` git branchName ```
Fetch latest commits from master; no merge | ```git fetch origin master```
Perform a pull (fetch + merge) | ```git pull origin master```
Push local commits to remote repo (ex. Github) | ```git push origin master```

### A great book on learning how to use Git can be found [here](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2) for free.

Github, as mentioned above, is just a cloud repository for your projects. There is nothing insanely special about it other than it being so well known. You use git the program to push your code to Github. That's it. Other cloud repositories for git are [Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org) and [GitLab](https://gitlab.com), though you won't find nearly as many projects on these as you would with Github.
>

# 3. Setting up your development environment
The following guide will help you setup your computer to develop web GIS applications and run them on your local machine. This course will focus mainly examples that you can run on your own computers; that's not to say there won't be labs dealing with ESRI software like ArcEnterprise in which you won't be running it off your own computer. 
>
First things first: create a directory on your hard drive to keep all your projects nice and tidy. I recommend a structure like this:
```
C:\DevSource\GEOG478\weekXX\
```
with weekXX being whichever week the material you're working on happens to fall under. With this structure all your work will be in seperate directories based on which week it is so you can easily find anything you've worked on before and whatnot (ex. week 5 material goes in C:\DevSource\GEOG478\week05\projectName). Trust me you **DO NOT** want to keep all the files and directories for your examples and websites strewn about your Desktop. **YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.** Keeping your files in a neat and orderly fashion is something that will help you in all classes and jobs actually.
>
We will be using a program from Microsoft called [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) for creating our websites. Visual Studio Code (VSC or VSCode) is a text-editor (programmer talk for fancy Notepad) with the ability to add functionality with extensions. The VSCode community is quite active so you shouldn't have issues finding useful extensions. VSCode automatically provides synatx highlighting for Javascript, HTML, etc making code readability far greater. 
>
After you have VSCode installed, you'll need to download a useful extension called **Live Server**. You can get this by pressing the **View** button on the menu and selecting **Extensions**. Here you can search from a multitude of different useful VSCode extensions. The **Live Server** extensions runs a local webserver through VSCode. With this web server you can easily view and interact with your web pages without having to manage IIS or Apache or any other servers. 


# 5. Importance of Googling
Google is a very important website if you haven't noticed already. Google has the answer to pretty much any question you may want the answer to. That being said there are no excuses for stupid questions that can be answered with a simple Googling. If you haven't rephrased your query several times until you find the answer you're looking for you're not trying hard enough. When looking for answers to programming questions results from Stackoverflow are very helpful as are results from Github.

>

# 6. Errors you'll likely see
You shouldn't run into any issues installing Visual Studio Code but if you do run into an error and fix it we can add it to this table.

Error Message | Solution
:---: | :---:
- | -
>

[Video 01](https://youtu.be/H8YFufzEUxI)
