# TAMU WEBGIS
>

# Learning Objectives
>
- Describe the steps of the ArcGIS Enterprise Platform installation process
- Describe the difference between RDBMS and NoSQL Databases
- Describe the Data Store configuration process
# Installing ArcGIS Enterprise
Below you will find the steps needed in order to setup ArcGIS Enterprise.
## Verify you can run it
Before you begin, double check that the computer you wish to install ArcGIS Enterprise to can handle it. The minimum requirements for ArcGIS Enterprise are as follows:
- 8 GB RAM per unique license role
- A minimum of 10 GB of available disk space
If you plan on setting up a GeoAnalytics Server you'll need:
- 16 GB RAM 
Please note you'll need a lot more storage capacity than the 10 GB noted above if you plan on hosting a lot of geographic data.
## Plan your ArcGIS Server site configuration
- [Site](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [ArcGIS Server](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [Reverse proxy server](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [ArcGIS Web Adaptor](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [Network load balancer](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [Server directories](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [Configuration store](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
- [Data](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/administer/windows/deployment-scenarios.htm)
## Setup your firewall
Make sure your firewall is setup to allow **HTTP port 6080** and **HTTPS port 6443**. If your firewall is blocking these ports you will end up having a bad time and wonder why nothing is working. Do not skip this step.
>
As a side note, ports **4000 - 4002** are used for inter-ArcGIS Server communication.
## Install ArcGIS Server
The first step in actually installing ArcGIS Server is to [obtain an authorization file](http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/install/windows/reusable-obtain-an-authorization-file.htm) for the machine you're installing ArcGIS Server to. With your authorization file in hand, make sure you're logged in as a user with administrative privileges and launch the setup program **Setup.exe**.
>
When the setup program launches, make sure to accept any legalize you may find. Then you'll choose the location in disk where you'd like to install ArcGIS Server to. You may get a window after this inquiring you about **.NET Extension Support** on your machine. This is only needed if you plan to develop or use SOEs or SOIs.
>
After the location is chosen, Python 2.7 will be installed for you if the setup program does not find it on your machine.
>
With Python installed, the setup program will then ask you to setup an account on the machine for ArcGIS Server to use. All processes spun up by ArcGIS Server will use this account. A default account will be created if you do not specify one. 
>
To finish the installation process, follow the directions on screen by clicking **Next**. Once the installation finishes, **Software Authorization Wizard** will launch. When the software wizard is satisfied, you'll be greeted with the ArcGIS Server Manager. Go ahead and log into it.
## Create a site
Now we will create a site. A site, in ArcGIS Enterprise lingo, is a deployment of ArcGIS Server. Once you're logged into the manager locatd at http://gisserver.domain.com:6080/arcgis/manager, you can then create a new site. Here you'll be prompted to create a username and password as the primary site administrator. After that is complete you'll need to define your default server directories and configuration store.
## Install and configure ArcGIS Web Adaptor
The ArcGIS Web Adaptor forwards requests to your ArcGIS Server from your existing web server such as IIS.
## Grant permissions to data directories
Make sure that the account you specified when installing ArcGIS Server has appropriate file access such as read and write.
## Publish services
>
Option | Action
--- | ---
If you want to publish a map document | ... open the ArcMap document and choose **File > Share As > Service** from the main menu
If you want to publish a geoprocessing model or tool | ... browse to a successful result o fthe model or tool in the **Results** window, right-click it, and choose **Share As > Geoprocessing Service**.
If you want to publish something else, such as a geodatabase or address locator | ...browse to the item in ArcCatalog or the **Catalog** window, right-click it, and choose **Share As Service**.
# RDBMS
- Tables, rows, and columns; think .csv
- Predefined schema
- Meant for highly structured data
- PostgreSQL, MariaDB, SQL Server
# NoSQL
- Collections and documents; think JSON
- Predefined schema not required
- Designed for data with limited or no structure
- MongoDB, CouchDB, Cassandra

# Data Store configuration
What is ArcGIS Data Store? ArcGIS Data Store is an application that lets you easily configure data storage for the hosting server used with your portal. If you are not a database expert, ArcGIS Data Store provides you with a convenient setup and configuration experience that creates the following different types of data stores.
- Relational data store—Stores your portal's hosted feature layer data, including hosted feature layers created as output from spatial analysis tools run in the portal
- Tile cache data store—Stores caches for your portal's hosted scene layers
- Spatiotemporal big data store—Archives real-time observational data that you can use with an ArcGIS Server running ArcGIS GeoEvent Server that is federated with your portal; also stores the results generated using ArcGIS GeoAnalytics Server tools.
>
We can configure our Data Store by going to the following address: https://datastoremachine.domain.com:2443/arcgis/datastore. Using the wizard, you can create a data store easily, all you need to do is specify the data store directory location.

# Additional resources
- http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/get-started/windows/components-of-arcgis-for-server.htm
- http://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/install/windows/install-arcgis-server-on-one-machine.htm

<!--# Questions
[Set 1](../reviewquestions/29.md)-->

# Videos
[Video 1 - 2018-04-04](https://youtu.be/KlVsGeBBbTs) - Starts at 2:20 mins
[Video 2 - 2018-04-04](https://youtu.be/73CQ0qn2y9Y) - Starts at 2:20 mins
