# TAMU WEBGIS
>

# Learning Objectives
>
- Publishing data and services to ArcGIS Portal
- Sharing data and services with ArcGIS Portal
- Using data and services from ArcGIS Portal
- Collaboration between portals
<!-- - [Collaboration between portals](https://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/portal/10.5/administer/linux/about-distributed-collaboration.htm) -->
# How to publish to Portal
>#### [enterprise.arcgis.com](https://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/portal/latest/use/publish-features.htm)
You can publish feature layers from any of the following to be hosted on your ArcGIS Enterprise portal:
>
- Comma-separated values (CSV) files
- Microsoft Excel files (.xlsx or .xls)
- GeoJSON files or zipped shapefiles
- Feature collections
- Zipped file geodatabases
- ArcGIS Pro maps
- ArcMap documents
>
You can also create a hosted feature layer from a template or another feature layer. When created in this way, the hosted feature layer does not contain data but has the properties of the template or existing feature layer you use to create it. This allows you to duplicate properties such as the schema and extent, while allowing members of your organization to populate the new layer with new features.
Feature layers are useful when you need to expose vector data for display, query, and editing to other members of your organization or when you want to share a table of nonspatial attributes. Hosting a feature layer on ArcGIS Enterprise is one way to share data with coworkers through maps, apps, and desktop map viewers.
>
Feature layers are most appropriate for operational layers that go on top of reference layers such as a basemap. For example, a feature layer might contain information about the street signs in your neighborhood. Each feature (street sign) might include the sign name, date installed, and a website URL for reporting problems to your local street department.
>
To complete the steps in the following sections, you must have privileges to publish hosted feature layers and create content.
## Publishing .csv
You can log in to the portal website and publish features or tables from CSV files that you have stored on your computer. The resultant feature layer is published as a service to your portal's hosting server. These services are referred to as hosted feature layers.
>
The steps below outline how to publish features or tables from the portal website using a CSV file. Features are published in the WGS 1984 Web Mercator (Auxiliary Sphere) coordinate system.
>
1. Verify that you are signed in and that you have privileges to create content and publish hosted feature layers.
2. Open **Content > My Content**, click **Add Item**, and click **From my computer**.
3. Click **Choose File** or **Browse** (the button name varies by web browser) and find the file on your computer.
4. Select the file and click **Open**.
>
If there is spatial information in the CSV file, it must be in address format or latitude-longitude coordinates in decimal degrees. CSV files must be formatted and saved as .csv.
>
5. Type a title.
6. Type tag terms separated by commas. Tags are words or short phrases that describe your item and help people find your item when searching. Federal land is considered one tag, while Federal,land is considered two tags.
7. Check the **Publish this file as a hosted layer** check box. If you leave the box unchecked, your data file is added to **My Content**, but no hosted feature layer is published. You can, however, publish the file later. See Add items for more information.
8. Choose which information in your file to use to locate features. Choose **Coordinates** if your file contains latitude/longitude coordinates. Choose **Addresses or Places** if your file contains place names--for example, Westminster Abbey or Panama Canal--or addresses. If you want to create a nonspatial table layer, choose **None, add as table.**
9. If you are locating features based on **Addresses or Places** and your organization has multiple locators configured, choose which locator to use.
10. From the **In** drop-down list, choose the country where the addresses or places in your file are located . If your file contains addresses from multiple countries or from a country not in the list, select World.
11. Review the field types and location fields (if any exist). If the portal can identify which fields contain location information, location fields are automatically set. Field types are also set automatically. However, you can change either of these if necessary by clicking inside the cell. a) Click a **Field Type** cell to choose a different type, b) Click a **Location Field** cell to choose a different field.
12. Choose a **Time Zone** for the date fields in your CSV file. By default, date fields are assumed to contain UTC date and time. If your date fields store values that use a different time zone, choose that time zone. Note that the time zone you select is applied to all date fields in the CSV file. If you later overwrite the hosted feature layer using updated data, the time zone specified when you initially published is used.
13. Click **Add Item**.
>
## Publishing ArcGIS Pro map
You can publish a hosted feature layer from ArcGIS Pro to your portal. When you do so, feature data is copied from your source to the relational data store registered with your portal's hosting server.
>
By default, editing is not enabled on hosted feature layers, but you can enable editing from ArcGIS Pro when you initially publish or overwrite an existing feature layer. Alternatively, you can edit the feature layer properties in the portal website to allow editing.
>
Before proceeding, be sure ArcMap is connected to your ArcGIS Enterprise portal.
>
Metadata included in your map document is included with the hosted feature layer you publish to your portal.
>
1. Start ArcMap and open the map you want to publish. Be sure the layers in the map you publish do not have their display expression set to the area or length field.
2. Click **File > Sign In.**
3. Type your name and password for your ArcGIS Enterprise organization and click **Sign In.**
4. Click **File > Share As > Service.**
5. Choose **Publish a service** and click **Next**.
6. In the drop-down list of connection types, choose **My Hosted Services**. Type a name for your feature layer and click **Continue**.
7. In the left pane of the **Service Editor**, click **Capabilities** and check **Feature Access** to expose your map as a feature layer. You can optionally also check **Tiled Mapping**, although in most scenarios, you would use a different set of layers and a different map document for publishing a tile layer. You can click the subitem **Feature Access** in the left pane of the **Service Editor** to set advanced properties relating to what clients can do with the hosted feature layer. To learn how to adjust the types of edits that end users can make to your hosted feature layer, see Editor permissions for feature services.
8. Set other properties that you want for your hosted feature layer. You can choose what users can do with your feature layer and take fine-grained control of it.
>
There are a few additional properties you must set that are specific to hosted feature layers. These are detailed in the following steps.
>
9. In the left pane of the **Service Editor**, click **Item Description** and enter a summary and tags for your layer. You'll need to enter this information before you can publish. For more information, see Set map service properties.
10. In the left pane of the **Service Editor**, click **Sharing** and choose with whom the feature layer should be shared. By default, your hosted feature layer is accessible only to you and portal administrators. You can share it with everyone, members of your organization, or members of certain groups.
11. In the **Service Editor**, click **Analyze**. This examines your map to see if it can be published. You must fix the **Errors** in the **Prepare** window before you can publish. Optionally, you can fix the warnings and informational messages to further improve the performance and appearance of your hosted feature layer. For more information about resolving these issues, see Analyze your GIS resource.
12. Optionally, in the **Service Editor**, click **Preview**. This can give you an idea of how your feature layer will look when viewed on the web.
13. Once you've fixed the errors and, optionally, any warnings and messages, click **Publish**. Your data is copied to the hosting server's relational data store at this point. The size of the data and your network speed and bandwidth affect the time it takes to publish.
>
# Sharing data and services
>#### [enterprise.arcgis.com](https://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/portal/latest/use/share-items.htm)
## 1. Add content
It's easy to share relevant, authoritative, and compelling content such as maps, layers, scenes, and apps with others inside and outside your portal organization. The first step to sharing your content is to add it to your portal. If you have privileges to create content, you can add items from your local machine or the web. You can also create and save items—such as maps, scenes, and apps—directly in your portal. Many types of items can be added.
## 2. Refine item details
Every item in your portal has an item details page, which contains a variety of information, actions, options, and settings. The item details help other people find your content, as well as understand its purpose, the data it contains, and whether there are restrictions on its use. To make your content stand out as compelling and authoritative, be sure to include an interesting summary, an in-depth description, and carefully considered tags, as well as to credit the source of the data. You might also consider adding a custom thumbnail to make your item stand out in galleries and search results.
## 3. Choose audience
Before sharing your items, identify your audience. Do you want to share your items with the public, with your organization, or with specific individuals in your organization or another organization? Until you share your items, they can only be accessed by you and by organization members with the right administrative privileges.
## 4. Share content
Once you've added your content as items, refined the item details, and chosen your audience, the final step is to share your items.
>
You can share a wide variety of item types. For example, you can share a map or scene through an app or embed a map in a web site. You can share files, maps, scenes, and app with groups you belong to, your portal, the public (everyone), or with a combination of these. Using groups is a powerful way to share your content privately with others, facilitate team collaboration, and highlight and organize items by theme or project.
## Share your items with the portal
Share your items with the portal if you want all members of your portal organization to have access to it, but you do not want people who are not members of your portal to have access to it.
>
1. Verify that you are signed in and have privileges to share content with the portal.
2. Open **Content > My Content**.
3. Check the check box next to the title of the item you want to share. You can share multiple items simultaneously by checking multiple titles, or you can share all the items in a folder simultaneously by checking the box next to **Title**.
4. Click the **Share** button.
5. In the **Share** window that appears, check the box next to the name of your portal and click **OK**.
>
## Share items with everyone
Sharing an item with everyone makes it available to anybody who has access to the portal website. Items shared with the portal or the public can also be added to any group by that group's owner or manager. If you want to link or embed your map in a website, be sure it's shared with everyone.
>
1. Verify that you are signed in and have privileges to share content with the public.
2. Open **Content > My Content**.
3. Check the check box next to the title of the item you want to share. You can share multiple items simultaneously by checking multiple titles, or you can share all the items in a folder simultaneously by checking the box next to **Title**.
4. Click **Share** and in the pop-up that appears, check **Everyone (public)**.
>
# Using data and services
>#### [enterprise.arcgis.com](https://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/portal/latest/administer/windows/use-with-desktop.htm)
As part of the ArcGIS platform, Portal for ArcGIS and ArcGIS Desktop can be used together for sharing maps, layers, and packages.
>
- You can add data from your portal to ArcMap or an ArcGIS Pro project.
- You can publish hosted feature or tile layers from ArcMap or ArcGIS Pro to Portal for ArcGIS.
- You can publish web maps from ArcGIS Pro to Portal for ArcGIS.
- A service that you publish from ArcMap to an ArcGIS Server site that you have federated with your portal will be shared automatically to your portal.
- You can publish web scenes, scene layers, and web maps from ArcGIS Pro to Portal for ArcGIS.
## Connect to your portal
ArcMap connects to ArcGIS Online by default, but you can set your ArcGIS Desktop installation (all parts except ArcGIS Pro) to connect to your portal using the **Manage Portal Connections** tool in ArcGIS Administrator.
>
1. Close all ArcGIS Desktop applications.

2. Open ArcGIS Administrator from **All Programs > ArcGIS > ArcGIS Administrator**.

3. Click **ArcGIS** in the table of contents.

4. Click **Advanced**. The **Advanced Configuration** dialog box opens.



5. Click **Manage Portal Connections**. The **Manage Portal Connections** dialog box opens.
6. Click **Add**.
7. Type the URL of the portal and click **OK** to save the connection. The URL will be similar to https://webadaptorhost.domain.com/webadaptorname, where webadaptorhost.domain.com is the fully qualified name of the server where your portal's ArcGIS Web Adaptor is installed, and webadaptorname is the name given to the web adaptor when it was installed.
>
Now that your portal is added to the connection list, explicitly connect to it.
>
8. Select the URL you just added and click **Connect**.
>
## Add data from your portal to ArcMap
You can add web maps, feature layers, tile layers, and map packages from your portal to ArcMap.
>
1. In ArcMap, click **File > Add Data > Add Data From ArcGIS Portal**.
>
In the dialog box that opens, search for data and maps in the portal, or choose them from the Featured or My Data lists. You can also open the groups you have access to and add data from them.
>
2. Double-click a web map, web layer, or package to add it to your map or click **Add**.
3. If you added an editable feature layer to your map, you can perform edits. See About editing data from feature services and its related topics for more information.
>
# Collaboration between Portals
>#### [enterprise.arcgis.com]((https://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/portal/10.5/administer/linux/about-distributed-collaboration.htm)
With distributed collaboration, you can connect and integrate your GIS across a network of participants including those with membership in ArcGIS Online or ArcGIS Enterprise. The benefit of establishing distributed collaboration is to organize, network, and share content between individuals, and across organizations and communities. Distributed collaboration (or, simply collaboration) is based on a foundation of trust and driven by common goals or initiatives. Once you've established a trusted collaboration among collaboration participants, you are able to share content as you would with a single GIS to distribute it across the network of participants. Shared content becomes discoverable for each organization participating in the collaboration.
## Example deployment patterns
When considering how to leverage distributed collaboration for your organizational needs, consider some common deployment patterns:
>
- A centralized hub pattern where a centralized organization aggregates content from several other organizations.
- Collaboration between two organizations.
- Integration between an ArcGIS Online and ArcGIS Enterprise organization. This pattern is well suited for workflows such as field collection and public or contractor participation.
>
### Scenario: Establish collaboration using a centralized hub
A medium sized city establishes a centralized hub to manage authoritative data for several projects that involve its local police, fire, recreation, and transportation departments. A few things to note about this example are:
>
- The city and each of the participating departments in this collaboration are using their own implementation of ArcGIS Enterprise.
- The city initiated this collaboration.
- The city and each of the four participants have agreed upon a scheduled interval to send and receive synchronized items.
>
### Scenario: Establish collaboration between two portals
In the above scenario, a centralized hub is established to manage a project where multiple agencies or departments contribute content. It is also possible to establish a collaboration with as few as two participants. A few things to note about this example are:
>
- Both departments in this collaboration are using their own implementation of ArcGIS Enterprise.
- The planning department initiated this collaboration (but if terms were set differently, the community development department could also initiated the collaboration).
- In this scenario, both departments are sharing synchronized data across their enterprise as references (no copies of data are made.)
>
### Scenario: Establish collaboration using a combination of ArcGIS Online and ArcGIS Enterprise.
A medium sized city's Public Works Department is collaborating with its Department of Public Safety and local residents to report and monitor graffiti, crimes, and utility concerns, such as water leaks. In this initiative, each group is working together to identify and report incidents as they occur, determine whether patterns exist in the data, and increase resources appropriately when needed. A few things to note about this example are:
>
- In this pattern, residents are participating in the distributed collaboration through a single ArcGIS Online organization, and the city departments are participating through ArcGIS Enterprise portals.
- The ArcGIS Online organization, owned by the Public Works Department, initiated the collaboration. The Department of Public Safety is a collaboration participant.
- Residents will be sending and receiving shared content to both the Public Works Department and the Department of Public Safety in real time.
- The Public Works Department has provided residents with a mobile app to enter incidents and is tracking and addressing activity in the office using a dashboard app.
- The Department of Public Safety is receiving updates as activities are reported.
>
## Setting up a collaboration
The following are high-level steps for configuring distributed collaboration. For detailed steps specific to collaboration hosts (those who initiate the collaboration) and guests (those whom are participants in the collaboration), see Create a collaboration as a host and Join a collaboration as a guest.
>
1. Create a collaboration and workspace. This is done by the collaboration host's administrator.
2. Invite a guest to the collaboration. This is done by the collaboration host's administrator.
3. Accept an invitation to collaborate. This is done by collaboration guest's administrator.
4. Import an invitation response. This is done by collaboration host's administrator.
5. Join a workspace. This is done by collaboration guest's administrator.
>


<!--# Questions
[Set 1](../reviewquestions/32.md)-->

# Videos
[Video 1 - 2018-04-13](https://youtu.be/ICtXKAgu9bU) - Through 19 mins
[Video 2 - 2018-04-13](https://youtu.be/PePpXfqk1Jk) - Through 19 mins
