# TAMU WEBGIS
>

# Learning Objectives
>
- Explain why vector tiles are the bees knees
- Describe the difference between dynamic, cached, and vector tiles
- Detail how to create and publish vector tiles
# Vector tiles and why they're awesome
Vector tiles are the new and exciting way to display geographic data in mobile and desktop applications. Vector tiles provide almost all the functionality of normal, raster based tiles but with the speed and compactness of GeoJSON. Unlike raster tiles, vector tiles are only data; they do not contain information on how they look. This means that the tiles are rendered by the client. With this comes more responsibility to the programmer, but this also allows you to do much MUCH more than you could do with raster based tiles. Since the tiles are rendered by the client, we can do proper rotations, scalable labels, scale the map space to fit the screen, render high resolution tiles, enable infite and continuous zoom, et cetera.
>
In my opinion though, the greatest feature of using vector tiles is that all the data is present in the tile itself. Say you have a vector tile basemap of a street network represented as a bunch of polylines. What if we want to click on a polyline and return the street's name and / or speed limit? With raster tiles we'd need to collect the clicked point's location in map units, then send that to the server and wait for a response. Once we get the response we'd also need to parse through it to get what we want. Since vector tiles have all the metadata baked into the tile itself, we don't need to send anything to the server and wait for a response. 
>
Another great reason to use vector tiles is labeling. With raster tiles if you wanted to have labels on features, the label would be 'burned' into the image. This creates a very ugly label whenever you zoom in too far. What if you rotate that map? All the labels will be upside down! Vector tiles are like honey badgers, they don't care. An example of this can be found [here](http://shale.tamu.edu/map/).
>
Did I mention that vector tiles are fast? Like really fast? Depending on the machine rendering the tiles, you can effortlessly display millions of data points on a web map with the ability to query quickly. Good luck trying that with raster tiles.

# Dynamic vs cached vs vector
>
\- | Dynamic | Cached | Vector
--- | --- | --- | ---
Speed | Slow | Fast | Fastest
Size on disk | Small | Large | Small
Network bandwidth | Small | Large | Small
Tile contains metadata | No | No | Yes
Continuous zoom | No | No |Yes
Need to republish after changing data | No | Yes | No
Supported by many mapping libraries | Yes | Yes | Not yet
Can display imagery (satellite) | Yes | Yes | No
>#### Lame table showing why you should use vector tiles when possible

# Creating vector tiles
## ESRI way
Creating vector tiles with ArcGIS Pro is much easier than doing them without as detailed below. To create vector tiles in ArcGIS Pro:
>
1. Highlight the map in the **Contents** pane
2. On the **Share** tab, in the **Share As** group, click the **Web Layer** menu and click **Publish Web Layer**
3. In the **Share As Web Layer** pane, on the **General** tab, under the **Layer Type** heading, choose **Vector Tiles**.
4. Specifiy the details of the vector tiles from the **Configuration** and **Content** tabs. 
>
Alternatively you can use the **Create Vector Tile Package** tool.
## ESRI-free way
The following way uses several free and open-source software packages to turn GIS data into a vector tile set. This was the method used for our [shale](shale.tamu.edu/map) site.
1. Using ESRI product or QGIS or something, export your data as a GeoJSON FeatureCollection.
2. Use [Tippecanoe](https://github.com/mapbox/tippecanoe) from Mapbox to take a GeoJSON file and output a .mbtiles file, which is a kind of .zip containting your vector tiles
3. Use [TileServerGL](https://github.com/klokantech/tileserver-gl) to serve up your vector tiles from a .mbtiles file.

<!--# Questions
[Set 1](../reviewquestions/33.md)-->

# Videos
[Video 1 - 2018-04-16](https://youtu.be/5_HYrOL-w-k) - Starts at 5:30 mins
[Video 2 - 2018-04-16](https://youtu.be/RHpJvk1z4jA) - Starts at 5:30 mins
