# TAMU WEBGIS
>

# Learning Objectives
>
<!-- - Describe the differences between tiling schemes
- Describe the consequences of disk thrashing from poor server configuration (disk spinning too much and not being able to serve tiles)
- Describe how to work with vector tiles through javascript -->
- Describe the differences between tiling schemes
<!-- - Describe the consequences of disk thrashing from poor server configuration -->
- Describe how to work with vector tiles through Javascript
# Raster
>##### [wikipedia.org](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiled_web_map)
Raster tile maps, also known as a tiled web map or a slippy map, is a map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet. It is currently the most popular way to display and navigate maps, replacing other methods such as WMS which typically display a single large image, with arrow buttons to navigate to nearby areas. Google Maps was one of the first major mapping sites to use this technique.
>
There are several major advantages to tiled maps. Each time the user pans, most of the tiles are still relevant, and can be kept displayed, while new tiles are fetched. This greatly improves the user experience, compared to fetching a single map image for the whole viewport. It also allows individual tiles to be pre-computed, a task easy to parallelise. Also, displaying rendered images served from a web server is much less computationally demanding than rendering images in the browser, a benefit over technologies such as WFS.
>
Most tiled web maps follow certain Google Maps conventions:
>
- Tiles are 256x256 pixels
- At the outer most zoom level, 0, the entire world can be rendered in a single map tile.
- Each zoom level doubles in both dimensions, so a single tile is replaced by 4 tiles when zooming in. This means that about 22 zoom levels are sufficient for most practical purposes.
- The Web Mercator projection is used, with latitude limits of around 85 degrees.
>
Additonial conventions are:
>
- An X and Y numbering scheme
- PNG images for tiles
- Images are served through a Web server, with a URL like http://.../Z/X/Y.png, where Z is the zoom level, and X and Y identify the tile.
To display a tiled map in a browser usually requires the support of a web mapping framework. This framework handles the retrieval of tiles, display, caching, and user navigation. Popular frameworks for tiled maps include Google Maps API, OpenLayers and Leaflet.
# Vector 
>##### [mapbox.com](https://www.mapbox.com/vector-tiles/)
Vector tiles make huge maps fast while offering full design flexibility. They are the vector data equivalent of image tiles for web mapping, applying the strengths of tiling – developed for caching, scaling and serving map imagery rapidly – to vector data.
>
As the name suggests, vector tiles contain vector data instead of the rendered image. They contain geometries and metadata – like road names, place names, house numbers – in a compact, structured format. Vector tiles are rendered only when requested by a client, like a web browser or a mobile app. Rendering happens either in the client (Mapbox GL JS, Mapbox iOS SDK, Mapbox Android SDK) or on the fly on the server (map API). The specification overview page is a great place to learn more about the Mapbox Vector Tile Specification.
>
Vector tiles have two important advantages over fully rendered image tiles:
- **Styling** - as vectors, tiles can be styled when requested, allowing for many map styles on global data
- **Size** - vector tiles are really small, enabling global high resolution maps, fast map loads, and efficient caching

# Using vector tiles in Javascript
In this I'll be showing how you'd use MapboxGL JS to display data from a vector tile source. The source is a TileServerGL running on a Linux VM. The data is oil well data from Texas with hundreds of thousands of points. 
>
We need create a new **map** variable of type **mapboxgl.Map**.
>
```javascript
mapboxgl.accessToken = 'YOURMAPBOXACCESSKEYGOESHERE';
map = new mapboxgl.Map({
    container: 'map',
    style: 'mapbox://styles/mapbox/basic-v9',
    center: [-96.3408, 30.6158],
    bearing: 340,
    pitch: 60,
    zoom: 9
});
```
We now have a very basic map utilizing vector tiles as a basemap. The great thing about vector tiles is showing an insane amount of data at once with little to no performance hit like you would experience loading that much data from an ArcServer as GeoJSON.
>
We add in our data (no longer working, the VM is down but trying to get back up) as follow:
```javascript
map.on('style.load', function () {
    map.addLayer({
        "id": "wells",
        "source": {
            "type": "vector",
            "url": "http://165.91.85.112:8080/data/wells.json"
        },
        "source-layer": "wellsgeojson",
        "type": "circle",
        "paint": {
            "circle-radius": 4,
            "circle-color": "#007cbf"
        }
    });
}
```
What this code does is whenever the **map** variable is finished loading, this local function is fired up. We then add a new layer using **addLayer()**. Inside of the function call we are doing several things. We give the layer a new id of **wells**. The next step, arguably the most important, will set the source of our layer. We give it the URL of our TileServerGL VM and point it to the data's descriptor JSON. This supplies the information Mapbox GL JS needs to get the vector tiles. 
>
After setting the source, we then describe how we want Mapbox to display the data points. Remember that vector tiles only contain data, they don't describe HOW the data will be visualized. That is up to the mapping library / us. We tell Mapbox that we have point data and want to visualize it as circles. We then provide a **paint** property with the options that describe how we want our circles, in this case as blue circles with a radius of 4. The radius is measured in pixels, not map units as one may think.
# Additional Resources
- https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Vector_tiles
- https://github.com/mapbox/vector-tile-spec/tree/master/2.1

<!--# Questions
[Set 1](../reviewquestions/34.md)-->

# Videos
[Video 1 - 2018-04-18](https://youtu.be/AeRs0s6hvIs) - Starts at 7 mins
