**Disclaimer**
> Not all of these questions or answers are correct.

# Easy
**Q1 Repositories on Github where the owner must invite other users are<br/>**
> - Private repositories
> - Public repositories
> - Exclusive repositories
> - Sequestered repositories
    
**Q2 what would you type inside a Git repository if you want to see changes you have made?<br/>**
> - git clone
> - git status
> - git fetch
> - git change
    
**Q3 What is the Texas A&M github url?<br/>**
> - github.tamu.edu
> - tamu.edu
> - github.texasA&M.edu
> - github.tamu.com
    
**Q4 Who can see your repository if you make it private?<br/>**
> - Yourself (and all the people you add in it)
> - Anyone
> - Your parents
> - Your classmates
    
**Q5 What is a useful way of downloading a Git repository from a cloud Git repository?<br/>**
> - Cloning
> - Commiting
> - Pushing
> - Fetching
    
**Q6 GitHub can do all of the following except?<br/>**
> - Go forward in time
> - Go back in time
> - Serve as a sort of cloud
> - Share your code with others
    
**Q7 What is cloning compared to forking?<br/>**
> - Cloning involves making a copy of the git repository to a local machine while forking is cloning the repository into another repository.
> - Forking is for private use only while cloning opens up a new project path.
> - Forking involves making a copy of the git repository to a local machine while cloning is forking the repository into another repository.
> - None of the above
    
**Q8 Git Hub is good for all of the following except<br/>**
> - Editing Code
> - Back Ups
> - Working in groups
> - Time Travel
    
**Q9 What does HTML stand for?<br/>**
> - Hypertext Markup Language
> - Hypertext Marked Language
> - Hypotext Markup Language
> - Hypotext Marked Language
    
**Q10 When playing an instrument<br/>**
> - X - Remembering
> - Comprehending
> - Applying
> - Analyzing
    
**Q11 Which is not true about Github?<br/>**
> - Helps the user write code
> - It was created by Linus Torvalds
> - Keeps complete history of your projects
> - It is a cloud service
    
**Q12 GitHub is useful for all of the following reasons except:<br/>**
> - Writing code
> - Cloud back up
> - Multi-collaborator integration
> - Time machine (ability to recover past versions)
    
**Q13 What type of repositories does Github offers?<br/>**
> - Public and Private
> - Only Private
> - Only Public
> - None of the above
    
**Q14 What does github not do?<br/>**
> - debug code
> - backup by cloud
> - collaborates or integrates
> - goes back in time
    
**Q15 Which of the following is NOT a good use for GitHub<br/>**
> - (X)Writing/Debugging code
> - Sharing Code
> - Finding already written code
> - Saving Code for future use
    
**Q16 When you are stuck<br/>**
> - Google the problem
> - Just keep analyzing it
> - Just keep trying and hope it will just go away
> - Make the code skip the error
    
**Q17 What does 'md' stand for?<br/>**
> - Mark Down
> - Mark Up
> - Make Deliberate
> - Maryland
    
**Q18 What does API stand for?<br/>**
> - Application programming interface
> - Aerial photo interface
> - Artificially programmed information
> - Application processing information
    
**Q19 What is Bloom's Taxonomy?<br/>**
> - A model of how people understand things
> - A coding language
> - A way to share things in GitHub
> - A model of how people feel emotions
    
**Q20 What is a commit?<br/>**
> - A selection of changes to a repository
> - A file in git
> - The overall project area that will hold every file
> - The cloned repository
    
**Q21 What does .md stand for<br/>**
> - Marked Down
> - Make Down
> - Make Done
> - Marked Done
    
**Q22 GitHub is good for all of the following<br/>**
> - Writing code
> - Back up
> - Go back in time
> - Allow colaboration
    
**Q23 Which of these is the best example of Web GIS?<br/>**
> - Google Earth
> - ENVI
> - ArcMap
> - InkScape
    
**Q24 When editing work in a Git repository<br/>**
> - Commits
> - Branches
> - Features
> - Check in/Check out
    
**Q25 What type of service is GIT?<br/>**
> - cloud
> - hardware
> - IT help service
> - code interpreter
    
**Q26 Github allows all of the following except?<br/>**
> - monthly fee
> - back up
> - time machine
> - code with multiple creators
    
**Q27 Which of the following is NOT a reason to use GITHUB when developing software?<br/>**
> - It is the fastest web based platform for writing/debugging code
> - It will back up all your work
> - You can work with other people on the same project
> - You can go back in time and see past work
    
**Q28 Which tool copies a repository in to a new repository?<br/>**
> - (X)Forking
> - Cloning
> - Fetching
> - Splitting
    
**Q29 Who started Github?<br/>**
> - Linus Trovalds
> - Steve Jobs
> - Dr. Goldburg
> - Bill Gates
    
**Q30 Github is good for all the following except:<br/>**
> - Writing your own code
> - Working in big groups
> - Sharing code
> - Being a cloud service
    
**Q31 What is a repository?<br/>**
> - A place to keep everything needed for a project
> - A place that can only store text files
> - A method to work on two different versions of a project
> - A storage area located only in a local drive
    
**Q32 Github allows you to effectively do which of the following?<br/>**
> - Work on group projects
> - Write code
> - Share Photos
> - Construct maps
    
**Q33 Github services dose everything except<br/>**
> - search engine
> - store code
> - cloud service
> - software for coding people
    
**Q34 What is the purpose for the Repository function in GitHUB?<br/>**
> - To store files and information
> - <Unanswered>
> - <Unanswered>
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q35 What is NOT an explicit actions in GITHub?<br/>**
> - Clone
> - Commit
> - Fork
> - Save
    
**Q36 What is the purpose of merging<br/>**
> - To take branches created by other users and create a single collaboration.
> - To take information from one website and duplicate it
> - To add data to the account.
> - To go back to a previous spot in the work flow and work back from that.
    
**Q37 The creator of GitHub also invented what software<br/>**
> - Linux
> - Mathematica
> - ArcGIS
> - Mapbox
    
**Q38 What is a version control system (VCS)?<br/>**
> - A program that monitors changes to directories and the files within them
> - A program that stores large files
> - A program that supports the management of the content of webpages
> - A program that creates new graphics
    
**Q39 Which of the following about GitHub is incorrect?<br/>**
> - It is fit for debugging
> - Time machine allows users to go back to previous versions if necessary
> - It is capable to multi-collaborate
> - It is a free service
    
**Q40 Which of the following is not an action used in GitHub?<br/>**
> - Convert
> - Forking
> - Commit
> - Cloning
    
**Q41 What is a comand(s) to edit a github repository?<br/>**
> - all of the answers are correct
> - git push origin master
> - git fetch
> - git pull
    
**Q42 Github is good for all of the following except:<br/>**
> - Travelling through the space time continuum
> - Storing code as a back up database
> - Sharing code and other files with peers
> - Learning new kinds of code
    
**Q43 Which of these options should you use to log into Github in this class?<br/>**
> - TAMU NetID
> - Personal Gmail
> - Hotmail account
> - Phone number
    
**Q44 What is GIT?<br/>**
> - system that allows multiple people to be working on the same code at one time.
> - It is another word for get.
> - An online website to use as a study resource.
> - A made up word.
    
**Q45 What is something you can do with Git?<br/>**
> - collaborate with other students
> - use it as a dictionary
> - make flashcards
> - take notes with
    
**Q46 Select one of the following activities that you could do in order to demonstrate the first Bloom's Taxonomy (Remembering).<br/>**
> - Making a list of the main events.
> - Drawing pictures to show a main event.
> - Retell a story in your own words.
> - Taking a collection of photos to demonstrate a particular point.
    
**Q47 What is a VCS?<br/>**
> - a cloud document management system
> - a coding language
> - a website
> - hardware
    
**Q48 1. All the following are benefits of using Github EXCEPT:<br/>**
> - (X) Makes debugging easy
> - Allows multiple users to work on the same project at once
> - The cloud backup makes sure work is not lost
> - Keeps history of all versions of the code to easily go back and fix any mistakes
    
**Q49 Which is NOT one of the things you can do in GitHub?<br/>**
> - Open and merge a  repository
> - Start and manage a new branch
> - Make changes to a file and push them to GitHub as commits
> - Create and use a repository
    
**Q50 what are some good reason(s) to use GitHub?<br/>**
> - All options
> - Backup your code
> - Collaborating
> - Going back in time to look at the code
    
**Q51 Github is good for all of the following except<br/>**
> - Writing code
> - Working with others
> - Going back in time
> - Storing code
    
**Q52 Would Github prevent from your code being lost in a fire?<br/>**
> - Yes
> - No
> - maybe
> - 2 and 3
    
**Q53 Github is an example of a(an)<br/>**
> - public repository
> - private repository
> - public library
> - private library
    
**Q54 What does fetching mean?<br/>**
> - Pulling information from a website
> - Pulling information from a desktop
> - Getting information from notes
> - Your dog bringing you the ball
    
**Q55 What is one of the functionalities of GIit?<br/>**
> - Allow people to contribute to code
> - Auto debug codes
> - Live stream videos
> - Watch live Football games for free
    
# Medium
**Q1 Could Github be used to transfer resumes and work between employer and employee?<br/>**
> - yes
    
**Q2 What are some of the Git feature we talk about in class and which feature automatically merge commits with your local repository?<br/>**
> - Git feature includes; init pulling merging cloning pushing committing and fetching. Pulling features automatically merge these commits with your local repository.
    
**Q3 List 2 ways you can download a repository and make changes. Which method creates a new repository<br/>**
> - Cloning and Forking. Forking
    
**Q4 List 3 ways to get a repository on GitHub and explain what each one does.<br/>**
> - Fork it (branches off into your own copy of the code) clone it(take it locally and edit it their) download it(download it to the desktop directly and make changes their) etc.
    
**Q5 What does it mean to be pulling in Git?<br/>**
> - Pulling is a shorthand command for performing both a fetch and a merge.
    
**Q6 True or False It is appropriate to use GitHub on a resume to show employers code that you have written?<br/>**
> - TRUE
    
**Q7 What are 3 differences between public and private repositories.<br/>**
> - Permission must be given to change a private repository. A private repository is generally used by private enterprise to keep code in-house. Anyone can contribute to a public repository.
    
**Q8 What is the benefit of using cloud storage.<br/>**
> - It protects your work from being lost due to unforeseen technical issues.
    
**Q9 What are the two ways a Github repository can be designed.<br/>**
> - Private or Public
    
**Q10 Describe how a guitarist can use the fourth level of Bloom's Taxonomy to analyze another artist's style when crafting their own.<br/>**
> - When a guitarist draws inspiration from another artist they will analyze their overall style by dissecting different idiosyncrasies such as the speed or syncopation or the feel of the guitar.
    
**Q11 Explain how a public repository is better than a private repository.<br/>**
> - You can view and use code written by others if you are having trouble writing it yourself
    
**Q12 What are the two kinds of repositories and which is best suited for commercial development?<br/>**
> - The two kinds of repositories are private and public and private repositories are best suited for commercial development.
    
**Q13 What are some of the formats and/or features that GitHub supports?<br/>**
> - README files pull requests Wikis graphs etc.
    
**Q14 Name 3 files that github can store?<br/>**
> - .txt files zip files shapefiles
    
**Q15 List two benefits of using GitHub<br/>**
> - You can collaborate with others on code that has already been written therefore saving you time if you are trying to do a similar project. Also GitHub provides services such as backups and time machines in order to preserve your code and making it easier to correct mistakes.
    
**Q16 Why should you google the coding you are doing?<br/>**
> - The best coding for it has already been done.
    
**Q17 What is the purpose of using a website such as GitHub?<br/>**
> - To allow multiple people to work on the same code at the same time.
    
**Q18 What is one benefit to making a repository private?<br/>**
> - The documents you store are backed up and invisible to unauthorized users.
    
**Q19 How can having a public GitHub be harmful?<br/>**
> - People could take proprietary software
    
**Q20 What is the difference between a commit and a push?<br/>**
> - A push is used to send files to a particular location while a commit changes the file itself
    
**Q21 What are the benefits of using github?<br/>**
> - What kind of repository is best for company use and why?
    
**Q22 List and define the types of GitHub repositories learned in class.<br/>**
> - There are two types of repositories: Public and Private. Public repository allows access to the repository to anyone in the owner instance and the Private repository only those chosen by the owner can access the repository.
    
**Q23 How has WebGIS evolved as technology continues to advance?<br/>**
> - More and more people are figuring out how to integrate GIS principles on a web interface. As a result more data especially spatial data is becoming more readily available online.
    
**Q24 In Git if you are working on a branch of a project and complete your work you should commit any changes. Once your changes are committed what would be the next step to integrate the code back into the master project<br/>**
> - Create a pull request
    
**Q25 Would Github prevent the loss of your code during a natural disaster?<br/>**
> - Yes it would because it saves your work to the cloud and is an excellent backup method.
    
**Q26 What three things should one always do when making changes to their coding?<br/>**
> - Commit changes push changes  and pull changes
    
**Q27 If I was working for a company which setting would I have my Github account set on public or private and why?<br/>**
> - Private because all the code is not exposed to the entire public to be taken.
    
**Q28 List three benefits of using Git for a project.<br/>**
> - 1) It can handle thousands of people working on a single code base by decentralizing source control. 2) It keeps a record of commits allowing developers to roll back changes. 3) It can effectively merge changes to the project especially when commits are made early and often.
    
**Q29 Is it possible to go back and change a past alteration in GitHub? If so how?<br/>**
> - Yes Github saves the progress on a project so it's always possible to go back to different checkpoints to change the work done.
    
**Q30 What is the difference between cloning and forking on github?<br/>**
> - Cloning is making a local copy of everything on your computer from your repositories while forking is making a copy of it in a new repository.
    
**Q31 What is the best way to edit a project and why?<br/>**
> - Branching is a feature that allows a user to edit the project. This is the best way becuase the original version of the project is till available and untouched by those changes. This allows the users to keep track of the changes and revert back to the original if needed. The branches can be later merged together in order to update the project with the changes the users want to keep.
    
**Q32 Explain how to create a public or private repository and specify which one would be best for company use<br/>**
> - When creating a new repository there is an option to select the Public or Private setting. If the repository is for company use Private would be most suitable.
    
**Q33 Why chooses a private repository to a public repository<br/>**
> - Because you might be working on a company’s project and not want to let other people to look at what you company is doing. You don’t want people to steal your code
    
**Q34 How do you properly conduct a pull request?<br/>**
> - You click the button and convert and insert into the repository
    
**Q35 As a good programmer describe how and why you use GITHub throughout your day.<br/>**
> - In the morning you pull changes made from the project repository. This is so you can be working with the most updated group code. Throughout the day make commits as to save your work in case your computer crashes etc. Lastly at the end of the day push your code to the group repository so that others are working with your most recent code.
    
**Q36 Checking in and out frequently can help prevent several issues when collaborating in GItHub what are some of those issues.<br/>**
> - It acts as a cloud back up It has the ability to go back to other versions that were before the issues and it allows multiple people to collaborate and intergrate
    
**Q37 What are the benefits of using GitHub for a team?<br/>**
> - Many people can colloborate on a project. GitHub will maintain all code that is written for the project. This is useful in ensuring that everyone has the most up to date code for the project so that everyone can work together.
    
**Q38 What is the relationship between committing and pushing and give an example of that relationship.<br/>**
> - Committing is an individual change to a file that keeps record of who changes it and pushing is sending that commit or change to another repository to be accessed. For example if you change something locally you want to push those changes so others can access it.
    
**Q39 Describe the ideal steps when using GitHub<br/>**
> - frequently commit push and pull
    
**Q40 What is the difference between Local and Remote and explain a situation in which you'd need to know the difference.<br/>**
> - Local is the code on your computer and Remote is the code on GitHub. This would be important to know when you are updating GitHub's code with your personal code and discrepancies are found both will appear on the screen and a decision of which code is correct would need to be made. So knowing the origin of each code would be valuable information.
    
**Q41 How could github be bennifical for an indivual seeking employment?<br/>**
> - The best way to show off the work you have done in github is to have an public repository. This is a great way to showcase your work and attract recruiters and bigger companies
    
**Q42 List 2 ways your repo could be designed and which would be better for company use vs an open source project:<br/>**
> - Private and Public private would be better for company use while public would be better for an open source project
    
**Q43 How is Github similar to Google Drive?<br/>**
> - It lets us to share and collaborate on our work when we apply the correct sharing settings.
    
**Q44 What does Github do?<br/>**
> - It allows multiple people to work on a code at once.
    
**Q45 List three things one can learn from using GitHub?<br/>**
> - Create a repository start new branches and manage pull request merges.
    
**Q46 What is a sample question that you can use when analyzing in Bloom's Taxonomy?<br/>**
> - In this situation what did you see as other possible outcomes?
    
**Q47 Why would Github be a good choice to manage code and documents?<br/>**
> - It can store any type of file log the changes and allow you to update
    
**Q48 2. List the steps in proper order of how to submit changes to your code on Github.<br/>**
> - First you clone the repository to make a local copy to work on. Then you commit any changes which saves them. After committing your changes you push them which submits the changes. Fetching or pulling gets the latest version including any changes that other members have pushed.
    
**Q49 How viable is GitHub for this class?<br/>**
> - It is very viable because it is needed for group projects and submissions for homework.
    
**Q50 For what purposes would you use the public and private modes in GitHub?<br/>**
> - The public mode is mostly used if you want a larger group of people than your team to look at the code and review it. They can give their opinions on it and help you with the code. You would use a private mode if you were working for a company and you want to keep all the codes a secret and backed up. Only people given permission can review it and give their opinion on how to make your codes better.
    
**Q51 What is the difference between cloning and fetching?<br/>**
> - Cloning is the downloading of a repository and fetching is used to pull changes from a repository.
    
**Q52 Do you have to save your progress on Github<br/>**
> - Yes you have to check your progress as you work.
    
**Q53 What is a repository?<br/>**
> - A place where things are stored.
    
**Q54 What are two ways GitHub helps you to program<br/>**
> - It allows you to collaborate with your team and has back ups in case the code is wrong you can go back to the previous version and find the problem
    
**Q55 List the features of Git<br/>**
> - Init Cloning Commiting Pushing Fetching Merging and Pulling
    
# Hard
**Q1 Why is Github a better cloud tool instead of Google apps when it comes to WebGIS?<br/>**
> - Github is more useful for WebGIS because it is able to handle larger scale projects with many users and continuous changes to the data and code.
    
**Q2 Inside the working branch where would you make unalterable change and why?<br/>**
> - I would create another branch on my computer so Git can do it’s on magic inside the directory and those change can drastically change inside the new branch. Also keep the master branch safe.  <br>
    
**Q3 What is Github?<br/>**
> - an online way of sharing files with multiple people that can update and changes to the files in the repository
    
**Q4 Which kind of repository should a commercial business have and why?<br/>**
> - A commercial business should have a private repository because they don't want people/competing businesses to steal their ideas/secrets.
    
**Q5 How does pushing work in Git?<br/>**
> - Pushing is the act of gathering up local commits and uploading these commits to defined cloud repository host such as a Github project.The would git push command takes two agruments: such as a remote name for example origin and a branch name for example master. 
    
**Q6 If your code is on Github it can it be seen by anyone that has an account?<br/>**
> - Depends on if your code is public or private 
    
**Q7 Between webmap and webapp what is best used for what?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(616161);font-family: arial  helvetica  &quot;helvetica neue&quot;  verdana  sans-serif;font-size: 15.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>If you want your map user to have access to the full array of ArcGIS Online tools publish your map as an ArcGIS Online web map</span><strong style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;font-weight: bold;font-style: normal;font-size: 15.0px;font-family: arial  helvetica  &quot;helvetica neue&quot;  verdana  sans-serif;vertical-align: baseline;outline: 0.0px;color: rgb(616161);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></strong><span style=color: rgb(616161);font-family: arial  helvetica  &quot;helvetica neue&quot;  verdana  sans-serif;font-size: 15.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>.  But if you want specific tools and functions to be available to your users and you don't want them to be distracted by the other tools and functions in ArcGIS Online then publish your map as a web app</span><strong style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;font-weight: bold;font-style: normal;font-size: 15.0px;font-family: arial  helvetica  &quot;helvetica neue&quot;  verdana  sans-serif;vertical-align: baseline;outline: 0.0px;color: rgb(616161);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></strong><span style=color: rgb(616161);font-family: arial  helvetica  &quot;helvetica neue&quot;  verdana  sans-serif;font-size: 15.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>.</span>
    
**Q8 When working for a company should you make your repository public or private? Why.<br/>**
> - Your repository should be private. This is due to the fact that the code you are working with is proprietary and therefore runs the risk of being stolen 
    
**Q9 Why would someone choose to use a private repository?<br/>**
> - A person may choose a private repository if they wish to keep their work a secret. A corporation for example would not want all of their coding open to the public. 
    
**Q10 After analyzing another guitarist's style how does a guitarist synthesize what he or she learned to create their own style? Explain how this is part of Bloom's Taxonomy.<br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0px 0.0px 1.0em;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: small;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A guitarist will process the information he or she learned from dissecting different styles and they will put the knowledge and styles back together the way they want to to create something new. This is part of Bloom's Taxonomy because the guitarist is able to create or synthesize something entirely new as their own platform of communication. The fact that they've created something new is what differentiates this synthesis from simply applying information they've learned. Synthesizing something new is the fifth step of Bloom's Taxonomy.</p>
    
**Q11 Explain the benefits of a public and private repository and which one would a company use?<br/>**
> - A public repository is beneficial when you want others to see your work like a company you are trying to get hired for. A private repository is beneficial when you want to keep your work hidden from others and is what a company would most likely use. 
    
**Q12 If you are developing for a commercial company should your GitHub repository be public or private? Why?<br/>**
> - If you are developing for a commercial company a private repository would be the best option because only those who are granted access can see the files within the repository.  This would be important so that files the company relies on are not made public knowledge and thus available to those outside the company for their own gain.
    
**Q13 Would a private or public form of repository be best suited for a company to store their codes?<br/>**
> - It would depend on what the company decide to do. Preferably big companies would utilize private repositories to store their information as opposed to smaller companies.
    
**Q14 If I have company building software should I have my profile public or private?<br/>**
> - Private so your code cannot be stolen or used by someone else.
    
**Q15 For a large company which is better a private or public GitHub repository and why?<br/>**
> - Private Due to the sheer amount of people that GitHub can support and the nature of a company not wanting to expose what may be their private intellectual property to the whole world it makes sense to use a private repository that requires people to be approved to access it. This also regulates who is working on data in the repository for better organization within the company itself.
    
**Q16 How should you go about changing html code to change the color of the font?<br/>**
> - Before HTML 5 you would go to your html code and change the area where it says font color = &quot;___&quot;.
    
**Q17 How many steps are there in creating a new project on GitHub and what are they?<br/>**
> - There are 5 steps. Create a repository create a branch make a commit open a pull request and then merge the pull request.  
    
**Q18 How does Github prevent loss of code?<br/>**
> - If a code is stored locally and the computer is lost or stolen so is the code. Github can be used to back up your code as well as facilitate collaboration with other users that are working on the same code.
    
**Q19 What is the best way to collaboratively write code and why?<br/>**
> - Github allows people to work on a project simultaneously while keeping the original file up to date and is specifically designed for sharing code.  Google Drive is good for sharing Word Documents and PowerPoints but is not designed for code.  Having one physical copy is difficult amongst multiple people because its easy for coding conflicts to occur and it makes it likely that people will have out of date copies of the code. 
    
**Q20 Why is it important to commit and push often?<br/>**
> - When working with a group it is important to push/commit often so that your individual progress remains current with the whole project. It will help other members to stay up to date as well. Even in a solo project pushing and committing often will help you stay organized and not lose track of which file is the current project version.
    
**Q21 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q22 What is one example private repository is good for?<br/>**
> - it is good to save private information. For example of a private organization
    
**Q23 What is Web GIS compromised of?<br/>**
> - A Web GIS is compromised of some set of geographic data being uploaded onto an interface of some sort either privately or publicly.
    
**Q24 How does the check out feature help in WebGIS development for a team of developers?<br/>**
> - Check out allows multiple people to work on a project without conflicting each other by working on the same branch at one time. 
    
**Q25 If I had performed a task on Github and wanted potential recruiters/employers to be able to see my work would I want a public or private repository?<br/>**
> - I would want a public repository so all potential employers would be able to view my work.
    
**Q26 How does one know when to use a public or private account on Github?<br/>**
> - Public can be used for general ideas during a class or group project for a class. Private is useful when it comes to businesses when a business is coming up with new ideas they don't want others copying their codes and taking credit for it.
    
**Q27 How do you save your work on github?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 12.0pt;font-family: Cambria;>Right click and “check in” this provides you with a starting/stopping point for your project.</span>
    
**Q28 Would having a repository set to public or private be better for building a portfolio and why?<br/>**
> - Having your repository set to public allows potential employers to view examples of your work without being given explicit access to the repository.
    
**Q29 How is Github similar to other social media platforms such as Facebook or Twitter?<br/>**
> - Github is designed so that it can be shared with people all across the world. Github has the ability to have many different people collaborating on the same project or &quot;branch&quot; at the same time. This way there can be more minds on one branch working to solve the problem at hand.
    
**Q30 Why is working on github on your computer beneficial?<br/>**
> - It makes things easy to work on in case the website is not working and with the click of a button it automatically will update what is in your repository to the one online so people can view it. 
    
**Q31 Explain the benefits github can offer to a collaborative project?<br/>**
> - Github can store your projects instead of using just your local drives. This allows for better access to the project by many different people. It has branching which allows changes to be made without affecting the main project and keeps the history of it. It allows projects leaders to keep track of the changes who made them and the history of the project. Github saves developers lots of time and communication problems when working on a project together
    
**Q32 Explain why a Private repository would be most suitable for comapny use.<br/>**
> - Private repositories are more suitable for company use in the sense that it can safely protect the companies information or written codes that could otherwise be harmful if leaked to the public.in The information in the repository could be meant strictly for company use only.  
    
**Q33 Why use GitHub instead of something like google drive or other similar could bases softwares<br/>**
> - Git hub lets thousands of people to work on the same project  </p>  <p>Let’s you merge different peoples code automatically</p>  <p>Keeps your code from being loss if something happens to your computer  <br>
    
**Q34 Can GitHUB be used for things other than programming?<br/>**
> - Yes othr types of files can be stored and manipulated in GitHUB
    
**Q35 For what files can you use GITHub and why use it at all?<br/>**
> - <p style=margin-top: 0.0in;margin-right: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 12.0pt;margin-left: 0.0in;><span style=font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;>GITHub allows you save almost any document format you have. It does not really care about how big it is either. </span></p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.0in;margin-right: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 12.0pt;margin-left: 0.0in;outline: 0.0px;orphans: 2;widows: 2;><span style=font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;>GITHub provides a dynamic and collaborative environment specifically for programmers but is available to all. It allows for teams to work on different aspects of the project at the same time and presents the updates in an easy to follow temporal interface. There are also public and private settings as to maintain the security of choice. Since it is on &quot;the cloud&quot; no hard drives are necessary and as long there is Internet connection once can access the material. </span></p>  <br>
    
**Q36 Name some of the benefits of GItHub being a cloud based service as opposed to an installed service.<br/>**
> - As a cloud based service GItHub is able to store up to date data on an external server as opposed to having to be installed onto a computer. This allows the software to be used as a service. Not only that but it also allows the service to act as an up to date functional platform that multiple users are able to merge update contribute and consolidate.
    
**Q37 When would using GitHub be appropriate?<br/>**
> - GitHub should be used when a team is writing a program that multiple people will be working on. If the code is written by multiple contributors GitHub is beneficial because it will ensure that the changes that are made to the project are documented and updated on a team database. GitHub is also appropriate for storing and backing up a project such that it wont be lost.
    
**Q38 Is a public or private repository better for your assignments on Github and why?<br/>**
> - Public repositories are open to any person on the Internet while private repositories are only available for you to see and any collaborator that you add. Private repositories are better for your assignments so that people cannot steal your work.
    
**Q39 Why should you not save everything on desktop<br/>**
> - The directory to get to the desktop is lengthy and insecure as a storage comparing to create a new directory on the hard drive directly.
    
**Q40 What is GitHub and what qualities of the program make it most useful?<br/>**
> -  GitHub is a code hosting platform. It is useful for backing up codes in progress collaboration on the same project with others from anywhere and going across time to monitor changes made to the code. 
    
**Q41 What are the benfits of using a github account for a company? (list 2)<br/>**
> - 1.It is a cloud based system so if a computer is damaged the information will still be accessible on another computer through the cloud.</p>  <p>2.It makes it easy to contribute to your open source projects.</p>  <p>3. It tracks the movement from each individual so you can always load a previous version if a mess up occurs.</p>  <p>4. ect.</p>  <p><span class=ui_qtext_rendered_qtext></span> 
    
**Q42 Which kind of repo would work best for a student writing a program with 2 of his/her peers for a graded class project? And why?<br/>**
> - A private repo would be best in this situation because the students will be working in a private group and the code will be turned in for a grade. 
    
**Q43 If you share your codes with your team members how will you be able to track each other's work?<br/>**
> - Through the &quot;edit history&quot; (not sure what it's called) - where you can see the &quot;trails&quot; of edits done on the code. (Not sure if this is technically correct but hopefully you know what I'm trying to say!)
    
**Q44 Why should you use online cloud services such as GitHub?<br/>**
> - They allow you to have a backup someplace other than a hard drive therefore you will not lose your work if your primary computer crashes.
    
**Q45 what are saved changes called? and why are they important?<br/>**
> - saved changes are called &quot;commits&quot; and they are important because they notify other contributors of said changes to help understand what you did. 
    
**Q46 Give a scenario where you have practiced evaluation in terms of Bloom's Taxonomy.<br/>**
> - This past summer I was in a car wreck. One of the steps that I had to do after is appraise the cause of the wreck as well as the damage to my car after the wreck. This is evaluating in terms of Bloom's Taxonomy. 
    
**Q47 How would you use Github and Git to update and manage your project?<br/>**
> - create private repository with group clone project and commit and fetch often
    
**Q48 3. Describe a situation where using a private repository is the best choice and describe a situation where using a public repository is the best choice.<br/>**
> - <p style=margin-left: 0.5in;>A private repository is best used for big companies who do not want their projects public or for school projects where you don’t want people stealing others work. Public repositories are best used for open source projects allowing for anyone to help contribute to the project.</p>  <br>
    
**Q49 Why is GitHub important for this class<br/>**
> - GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere.
    
**Q50 Why do many people use GitHub? Would you use GitHub? Why?<br/>**
> - People use GitHub because it is a sort of a cloud service that helps you host your source codes and collaborate with people around the world. It also keeps track of the changes made to the code so it is possible for someone to go back in time and look and the code and start from a different place. It is also repository.I would definitely use GitHub when it comes to working with codes. It will make it easier for a GIS team that I am in to review my codes and keep track of the codes through a cloud services and they give programming language options.
    
**Q51 What is the best way to make changes to the structure of a repository and why?<br/>**
> - The best way is to add changes to the README.md file because the changes can immediately be added to the repository.
    
**Q52 What benefits can having a github account provide for a project?<br/>**
> - You are able to have multiple users working on the same project while simultaneously having the same data. 
    
**Q53 What is one advantage and one disadvantage of a public repository?<br/>**
> - An advantage is a public repository makes it easy for people to share information and build on ideas.</p>  <p>A disadvantage of a public repository is that it is ill suited for commercial use as anyone can see the things being shared and use things that are shared for free
    
**Q54 You are working on a major project from your company and choose to use GitHub to keep track of your work and make it easier to collaborate with your team. What are major factors to take into consideration when creating your repository?<br/>**
> - I would make the repository private to keep it confidential within the company It would also make it easier to collaborate with your team. Though it is not used for debugging purposes making it private will help to any fraud. 
    
**Q55 What is the difference between cloning a repository and just downloading it?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> The difference is that cloning maintains Git integrity as the </span><strong style=font-weight: 600;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>.git</strong><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> directory is present with all the pass commit history and files.  While plainly downloading the files and then initializing a Git repository only starts keeping track of change history at that very moment.</span>

