
# Easy

**Q1 What does HTTP stand for? <br/>**
> - Hypertext transfer protocol
> - A secured network
> - Hypertext trial protocol
> - IP address translation
    
**Q2 How many series of numbers are in an IP address?<br/>**
> - 4
> - 6
> - 5
> - 3
    
**Q3 What is the name of the storage mechanism within GitHUB?<br/>**
> - Repository
> - Pull Request
> - File
> - Bin
    
**Q4 which of the following is NOT a part of a specific URL?<br/>**
> - lastpass
> - the protocol
> - the domain name
> - the root folder name
    
**Q5 What does HTTP stand for?<br/>**
> - HyperText Transfer Protocol
> - Hyperlink Transfer Tex Postion
> - Hydro Transfer To Pool
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q6 Which of the following is the correct port for HTTPS?  <br><br/>**
> - 443
> - 42
> - 220
> - 12
    
**Q7 What is the highest number in binary counting<br/>**
> - 255
> - 0
> - 1
> - 100
    
**Q8 How many IP addresses does a computer have?<br/>**
> - 1
> - 2
> - 4
> - 18
    
**Q9 What does SSL stand for?<br/>**
> - Secure Socket Layer
> - Secure System Layout
> - System Security Layout
> - Socket System Line
    
**Q10 Which of the following is NOT a web browser?  <br><br/>**
> - domain name system
> - Google Chrome
> - Apple Safari
> - Mozilla FireFox
    
**Q11 What is an example of a top level domain? <br/>**
> - all of the following
> - .com
> - .net
> - .edu
    
**Q12 What is the name for the standardized protocol or &quot;language&quot; that is used to construct websites.<br/>**
> - DNS
> - HTTPS
> - IPv6
> - DHCP
    
**Q13 What is a browser?<br/>**
> - A thing on your computer allowing you to access the internet.
> - A person in a store who does not know what they want.
> - Any computer program.
> - The same as IP Address.
    
**Q14 What is an IP address?<br/>**
> - A sequence of 4 number separated by periods that identifies what computer you are on on the internet.
> - The address to your local Dixie Chicken
> - The address of sesame street
> - The address at which Karbach brewing is located
    
**Q15 Which port numer is associated with HTTP?<br/>**
> - 80
> - 20
> - 18
> - 1024
    
**Q16 In order to get an SSO certificate what information do you need to provide in order to qualify? <br/>**
> - Business License
> - Business Card
> - Business Name
> - Background Check
    
**Q17 Which of these are not a top tier DNS SErv<br/>**
> - .flo
> - .com
> - .edu
> - .gov
    
**Q18 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is the port number of HTTPS?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - 443
> - 80
> - 255
> - 53
    
**Q19 Which of the following about the Internet is false?<br/>**
> - Lastpass is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser.
> - It uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol or HTTP as the application layer protocol for transmitting hypermedia documents like HTML.
> - All internet connected devices have an unique IP address.
> - Ports are represented by a 32-bit integer.
    
**Q20 How many IP address can a computer have?<br/>**
> - 1
> - 2
> - 3
> - As many as the user wants
    
**Q21 All of the following are web browsers except for _____.<br/>**
> - Icebear
> - Edge
> - Chrome
> - Safari
    
**Q22 What is true about ports?<br/>**
> - Well known port numbers are ports 1 through 1024
> - Well known port numbers are ports 1025 through 65535
> - They are represented by an 8 bit integer
> - Its an application layer protocol for transmitting hypermedia documents
    
**Q23 What is the number associated with HTTPS?<br/>**
> - 443
> - 80
> - 255
> - 256
    
**Q24 What is the internet?<br/>**
> - A decentralized network of connected computers and devices that is global in scope.
> - A repository
> - A telecommunications service
> - A fad it'll be gone next year
    
**Q25 The lowest and most rudimentary level of Bloom's Taxonomy is:
> - Observation
> - Practice
> - Imitation
> - Adaptation
    
**Q26 Computers communicate with eachother using what?<br/>**
> - IP addresses
> - HTTP
> - wifi
> - they don't
    
**Q27 If unique IP addresses for IPv4 run out what is the next variation if IP address that we will use?<br/>**
> - IPv6
> - IPv5
> - IPv4.1
> - We will never run out of IPv4 addresses
    
**Q28 What is the range of the numbers in an IP address?<br/>**
> - 255
> - 256
> - 254
> - 250
    
**Q29 Which port should be used for SSL?<br/>**
> - 443
> - 80
> - 433
> - 255
    
**Q30 What does DHCP stand for?<br/>**
> - Dynamic host connection protocol
> - Driven host connection protocol
> - Driven host connection process
> - Dynamic host correction protocol
    
**Q31 True or False: www. (world wide web) and internet are the same thing.<br/>**
> - False
> - True
> - .
> - .
    
**Q32 Well-known port numbers such as port 80 is reserved for what application?<br/>**
> - HTTP
> - HTTPS
> - FTP
> - All of the above
    
**Q33 What does the acronym SSL stand for?<br/>**
> - Secure Socket Layer
> - Secure Server Layer
> - See Subject Line
> - Salt Shot Lime
    
**Q34 What does DNS stand for?<br/>**
> - Doman Name System
> - Domain Network Supply
> - Deferred Notion Services
> - Domain Neutral Services
    
**Q35 IP addresses run within which range?<br/>**
> - 0-255
> - 20-255
> - 0-355
> - 20-355
    
**Q36 What is the port number for https?<br/>**
> - 443
> - 255
> - 80
> - 29
    
**Q37 What is HTTP used for?<br/>**
> - Webpage Server
> - Mail Server
> - File Server
> - Video Server
    
**Q38 Which of the following is true about octets?<br/>**
> - Answers 3 and 4 are correct
> - They are 5 series of numbers
> - They are 4 series of numbers separated by a .
> - They can range from 0-255 in each series
    
**Q39 What is the highest number an IP adress can have?<br/>**
> - 250
> - 200
> - 20
> - 999
    
**Q40 What does the '.md' extension stand for?<br/>**
> - Markdown Documentation
> - Mark Down
> - Multiple Document
> - Monument Director
    
**Q41 Define an IP address.</p>  <p> <br/>**
> - a unique string of numbers that identifies each device using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network
> - serial number of machine
> - router number and location
> - mailing address
    
**Q42 Which port number indicates a secure website or an HTTPS site?<br/>**
> - 443
> - 80
> - 42
> - 227
    
**Q43 What does HTTP stand for and what is its primary function?<br/>**
> - Hypertext transfer protocol; it is the language that webpages and web browsers speak
> - Hypertext transfer placement; it is the language that webpages and web browsers speak
> - Hypertext transfer protocol; this is the internet protocol
> - Hypertext transfer protocol; this translates our language to computer language
    
**Q44 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Your internet browser sends a </span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><b>___________</b></span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> that identifies your device to the website</span><br/>**
> - user agent string
> - secret agent string
> - computer agent string
> - owner agent string
    
**Q45 What does DNS stand for?<br/>**
> - Domain Name System (or Server)
> - Do Not Start
> - Dynamic Network Service
> - Domain Network System
    
**Q46 SSL stands for what?<br/>**
> - Secure Sockets Layer
> - Simple sample list
> - Sample simple language
> - Speed section language
    
**Q47 What does HTTP stand for?<br/>**
> - HyperText Transfer Protocol
> - HyperText Transmitting Procedure
> - HyperText Tract Pool
> - HyperText Tide Pod
    
**Q48 Which of the following refers to a web address that locates its position on a network and allows a mechanism for retrieving it?<br/>**
> - URL
> - HTML
> - HTTP
> - DNS
    
**Q49 What is HTTP stand for?<br/>**
> - HYPERTEXT TRASFER PROTOCOL
> - HYPERTECH TRASFER PROTOCOL
> - HYPERTEXT TRASFER PROPERTIES
> - HYPERTEXT TECH PROTOCOL
    
**Q50 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>What is the port number for https?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - 443
> - 80
> - 61
> - 445
    
**Q51 What does DNS mean?<br/>**
> - Domain Name System
> - Digital Number Service
> - Domain Number Service
> - Digital Name System
    
**Q52 What is the unique identity assigned to every web device?<br/>**
> - IP address
> - HTTP
> - SSL
> - Binary
    
**Q53 Which is a computer language that a web browser might use? <br/>**
> - HTTP
> - TTLW
> - HTWW
> - MLLT
    
**Q54 Which of the following options are endpoints of communication for operating systems represented by a 16-bit integer.<br/>**
> - Ports
> - DNS
> - HTTP
> - SSL
    
**Q55 What does HTTP stand for?<br/>**
> - Hypertext transfer protocol
> - hypertext markup language
> - hyperloop
> - world wide web
    
**Q56 Which answer most accurately describes the Domain Name system (DNS)?<br/>**
> - A hierarchical decentralized naming system
> - A Method for naming websites
> - a private naming system for large companies
> - All of the above
    
# Medium
**Q1 What does SSL stand for and describe what it does.  <br/>**
> - It stands for Secured Socket Layer and it is the standard security technology establishing an encrypted link between a web server and an Internet browser. 
    
**Q2 What is a web browser?<br/>**
> - Icons that can be downloaded on your computer that allow you to access and search the internet. 
    
**Q3 How do you connect a repository to a virtual machine?<br/>**
> - Create folders and use the correct program to make a table.
    
**Q4 If you were to be looking at someones google search results how can you easily tell what that person typed in the search box?<br/>**
> - One can figure out what was searched just by looking at the query string alone. Starting after the question mark you can see <code><span style=font-family: Courier New;>q=whats+a+query+string</span></code> is the parameter passed to Google to search.<span style=text-decoration: line-through;></span>
    
**Q5 Give an example of a Google query string.<br/>**
> - https://www.google.com/search?q=homework
    
**Q6 What is the purpose of DNS?<br/>**
> -  <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>The Domain Name System simplifies connecting to web addresses by only having to remember a common name instead of the IP address for every computer or website you need to connect to.</span>
    
**Q7 What does HTTP stand for?<br/>**
> - Hyper Text Transfer Protocol
    
**Q8 A Secure Socket Layer SSL allows you to do what? <br/>**
> - It allows you to encrypt and secure your identity when using a website 
    
**Q9 What is the purpose of the Domain Name system? Why is this important?<br/>**
> - The purpose is to essentially provide a placeholder for the 12 digit IP address that all sites on the internet have. This means that users only have to remember the name of the sites as opposed to the entire IP address.
    
**Q10 How do computers communicate between one another?  <br><br/>**
> - By knowing the other computers IP address and then communicating accordingly.
    
**Q11 What is the difference between a IP address and a protocol?   <br><br/>**
> - The internet runs on IP addresses it is how computers &quot;talk&quot; to each other. While the protocol is considered to be the &quot;language&quot; that they speak. 
    
**Q12 Explain the difference between HTTP and HTTPS protocols.<br/>**
> - HTTPS is a secure protocol that uses security certificates which are acquired from Internet authorities. These certificates provide verification that a website is authentic.
    
**Q13 How does your computer connect to Wifi?<br/>**
> - It is randomly assigned an IP Address which is different every time.
    
**Q14 List two ways one can request a website using a browser and explain which of them would be better for online payments.<br/>**
> - Typing &quot;http://&quot; before the URL is one way to request a website but doing so this way is unsecure. Due to the fact that it will send information in plain text which could be intercepted.</p>  <br>  <p>Typing &quot;https://&quot; before the URL is another way to request a website but in this way you're doing it in a more &quot;secure&quot; way. Due to the fact that the information sent to you will be encrypted. This way is better for online payments. 
    
**Q15 What are two things the certificate monitors?<br/>**
> - Veryifies that it is you and you are who you say you are and controls the traffic between sites.
    
**Q16 What is the primary purpose of Domain Name Systems? <br/>**
> - Translate between human-readable names and IP address. 
    
**Q17 Whats the difference between HTTP and HTTPS?<br/>**
> - The S in HTTPS stands for secure and requires that the creator get the site certified 
    
**Q18 Explain the purpose of using a DNS versus using an IP address only.<br/>**
> - DNS (Domain Name System) translates between human readable names and IP addresses of computers and the DNS will keep track of an IP address when used.
    
**Q19 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is </span>DNS? <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>DNS Domain Name System is a system that translates computer IP address into human understandable words. </span>
    
**Q20 What is HTTP?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>It is the language that web creators use.</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q21 What is the main difference between IPv4 and IPv6 addresses and why was this changed?<br/>**
> - Running out of IP addresses was a major concern with IPv4 so IPv6 was designed to have many more available addresses due to switching from 32 bit to 128 bit addresses.
    
**Q22 List two ways Domain Name Systems make our lives easier<br/>**
> - They translate regular names of websites like google.com or youtube.com into IP addresses and they act as a first line protection to keep known spam addresses from sending emails to you
    
**Q23 List 3 ways that an HTTPS site is better/more secure than a HTTP site?<br/>**
> - 1. An HTTPS site is an SSL site which means it's more secure and will not steal your encrypted info.</p>  <p>2. Only you (computer) and the website can see your credentials no third party watching/stealing your info</p>  <p>3. Also HTTPS sites look good to the public so people will want to use the site more.</p>  <p>4. etc.
    
**Q24 List 3 different commonly known port numbers (1-1024) and what their reserved for.<br/>**
> - 21: FTP file transfer protocol</p>  <p>80: HTTP  Hypertext Transfer Protocol</p>  <p>443: HTTPS <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Hypertext Transfer Protocol</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Secured<br></span>
    
**Q25 Using Bloom's Taxonomy compare and contrast the differences between Java and HTML programming languages. <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(515151);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>HTML is a markup language not a programming language and would be useful in web-development. Java on the other hand is used to create complete applications that may run on a single computer or be used on servers and clients in a network. They are both important and used regularly but have different applications. </span>
    
**Q26 explain what a HTTP is <br/>**
> - it is the language web browsers use to communicate with web servers 
    
**Q27 What information was searched on Google in the following URL:  https://www.google.com/search?q=the+answer+is+right+here&amp;oq=the+answer+is+right+here&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.4138j0j9&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>'the answer is right here'</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q28 How do routers solve the limited number of IP address?<br/>**
> - Private IP addresses 
    
**Q29 Explain how a router works and why it is useful.<br/>**
> - A router acts on behalf of all the devices connected to it. It connects all those devices to the Internet and usues a single IP address (?)
    
**Q30 Explain what web browsers use HTTP for.<br/>**
> - HTTP is the language web browsers use to communicate with websites.
    
**Q31 Explain the difference between https and http and explain why you believe one is better than the other.<br/>**
> - HTTP stands for <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(171717);font-family: Arial  Helvetica  Sans-Serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Hypertext Transfer Protocol</span> while HTTPS stands for <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(171717);font-family: Arial  Helvetica  Sans-Serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure. HTTPS is better for the user because it allows for their data to be processed with added security. Making it safer to use at locations such as airports and hotels where you data is at risk of being stolen.</span>
    
**Q32 What kind of language is HTTP and what does it do?<br/>**
> - HTTP is a language that web browser sends information to websites and websites sending back information to your web browser.
    
**Q33 What is the internet?<br/>**
> - A global computer network providing a variety of information and communication facilities consisting of interconnected networks using standardized communication protocols.
    
**Q34 Which protocol is the standard secure way to access the internet?<br/>**
> - https
    
**Q35 what are the 4 items used to run the internet define each.<br/>**
> - IP Addresses: way in which computers communicate with each other</p>  <p>HTTP: protocol language computers speak</p>  <p>Ports: number inserted in the URL</p>  <p>DNS: domain name system translates English names to IP addresses 
    
**Q36 How can computers understand human typed out website names?<br/>**
> - Computers can understand human typed out website names because of domain name system or DNS. This system translates the website name you have typed out into numbers which the computer reads as an IP address which the computer can then pull up for you.
    
**Q37 List two reasons why a secure server would be used over a not secure one. <br/>**
> - 1. You know that you are sending and receiving data from the website who they claim to be</p>  <p>2. Avoids hacking and foreign servers to receive any of your information
    
**Q38 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Break down a URL and also explain what it stands for?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>It stands for Universal Resource </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Locator</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>. The first part of a </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>URL is </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>http</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> which is Hypertext Transfer Protocol and it is in charge of how information is transmitted. The second part is the </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>www</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> which stands for World Wide Web and it says that you want the web </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>content</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> of the server you are trying to access. </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The next part is the domain name and it is the name of the website you are visiting to access </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>the information.The &quot;/&quot; after that are </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>seperators</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> and everything after that is basically </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>the path. It contains the folder which the file is in.</span>
    
**Q39 Name 3 top-level domains and their associations.<br/>**
> - .edu- upper level education</p>  <p>.gov- The U.S. Government </p>  <p>.mil- The U.S. Military
    
**Q40 What does it mean to &quot;push&quot; a repository?<br/>**
> - To push a repository means to take a clone off of the internet and store that clone locally. This is so that data can be edited privately.
    
**Q41 Differentiate between Ports 80 and 443<br/>**
> - Port 80 is not secure and protected from listening by others while port 443 is secured and encrypted
    
**Q42 Discuss the significance of insuring you're on an HTTPS site in a public network setting such as an airport.<br/>**
> - If you're on a public network and you're not on an HTTPS site hackers will be able to see everything you're doing and extract any data they want from your links such as passwords and other sensitive data.
    
**Q43 What are ports? What are the assigned ports for HTTP and HTTPS?<br/>**
> - Ports are the endpoints of communication for operating systems represented by a 16-integer maxing out at 65535. The port reserved for HTTP is 80 (not secure) and for HTTPS is 443 (secure). 
    
**Q44 What is the difference between port 80 and port 443?<br/>**
> - Port 80 is not scure port 443 is because it adds encryption.
    
**Q45 What does http stands for? What is one of http purposes?<br/>**
> - HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. And one of its purpose is to communicate between web browsers and web servers.
    
**Q46 Why use https over just http?<br/>**
> - https is a secure website and verified website  
    
**Q47 What are two things that a DHCP network management system does? <br/>**
> - DHCP dynamically assigns an IP address and it automatically configures other network settings.
    
**Q48 What does https stand for and mean?<br/>**
> - HTTPS stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure. HTTP is the foundation of communication for the world wide web. As an application protocol HTTP transfers and exchanges data in the form of hypertext. HTTPS simply refers to a communication protocol encrypted by the TLS to ensure security.
    
**Q49 https://www.google.com/search?q=kite&amp;oq=kite&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i59l3j0l3.2509j0j9&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8</p>  <p>The website is given above what are the different parts of URL? <br/>**
> - https =  identifying protocol (secure or not)</p>  <p>www.google.com = the domain name ( organization) </p>  <p>Everything after / is the path that you want to access 
    
**Q50 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>List the order for a URL</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>Protocol://domain name/path to file</p>  <br>
    
**Q51 What are two ways that building web maps are different from buildings maps in a desktop GIS?<br/>**
> - In a web map all information has to be sent across the wire from the server to the browser.</p>  <p>The performance of a web map may be affected by other people using the server at the same time
    
**Q52 What is an important purpose of SSL that benefits organizations such as Texas A&amp;M ?<br/>**
> - Creates a secure connection so that users' information is protected such as when logging in on a server for eCampus or Howdy.
    
**Q53 Will different computers using the same private router share the same IP address?<br/>**
> - No the router will give each computer its own unique IP address. The router has its own IP address and is responsible for talking directly to the Internet. The router then sends the requested information to the appropriate IP addresses of the computers using it.
    
**Q54 What is one the biggest challenge for new web mappers? Why? <br/>**
> - Understanding the amount of data that is displayed in their maps and how to get all that information on the screen. So most web maps break apart the layer into groups that are handled very differently.
    
**Q55 How does a website get the https certificate?<br/>**
> - https certificates are issued by Internet authorities (ex: google)
    
**Q56 How does a DNS relate between the hostname and the IP address?<br/>**
> - The DNS turns human readable website names into computer readable IP addresses.
    
# Hard
**Q1 What portion or text in a web address reveals that you are on a &quot;secured&quot; network and give an example of a type of location you would want to use a secured network. <br/>**
> - If the very first part of the web address reads HTTPS it means that the network is secured. This type of network connection would be most appropriate when using network access at public locations.  
    
**Q2 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>How do we not run out of IP addresses with all of the students that come to campus and get on the </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>wifi</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> everyday?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - We do not run out because the network on campus is a private network and is not accessible by the rest of the internet in the world. 
    
**Q3 In order to specify that only specific people can see your materials what mist you do to your GitHUB?<br/>**
> - Set it to private
    
**Q4 What is the difference between port 80 and 443?<br/>**
> - Port 443 is for HTTPS meaning its traffic is encrypted and cannot be read. Port 80 is for the world wide web and is not encrypted meaning its traffic is open to anyone.
    
**Q5 Why is using a password manager more secure than creating your own passwords?<br/>**
> - Password managers can create long strings of passwords and can use more random symbols than a human could remember
    
**Q6 Describe the benefits of using HTTPS versus HTTP.  <br><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>HTTPS is encrypted and secure which prevents others from viewing the activity on your computer to various websites. These HTTPS sites must be certified which verifies that they are secure and who they say they are and not a scam site.</span>
    
**Q7 What is the difference in http and https?<br/>**
> - Https is more secure that http
    
**Q8 What is an example of a URL that is not secure and what port number would it use?   <br><br/>**
> - http://google.com</p>  <p>http://tamu.edu</p>  <p>Ports that are not secure would use port number :80.
    
**Q9 What is the purpose of a basemap and how can you utilize that to make an effective map for a specific purpose?<br/>**
> - The purpose of a basemap is to provide a geographic context for the map itself. This is basically establishing the background for your map. For example a map of art galleries in NYC would have a base map of the city of Manhattan. You can use a basemap that will compliment your thematic map layers and provide context but do not take away from the main point that the thematic map layers are trying to get across. To continue with the art gallery example you would want a basemap that is the city streets that way people can utilize the locational notations and then navigate to the gallery they desire.
    
**Q10 What is the difference between http and https in the URL?<br/>**
> - The http is an unsecured port whereas https is a secured port that sends encrypted messages to communicate operations. 
    
**Q11 Explain how DNS (Domain Name Systems) is a hierarchy system. <br/>**
> - There is a set of top level domains that allow for secondary domains to create a full domain name. Example: .edu allows for Texas A&amp;M university to create a domain in addition to the top level domain. 
    
**Q12 Explain the purpose for the Domain Name System or DNS in the construction of websites.<br/>**
> - The DNS applies familiar names that are readable and able to be remembered by humans to IP addresses that are easily cataloged by computers. 
    
**Q13 How does Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) work? How is HTTPS different from HTTP?<br/>**
> - It is a language that sends questions and answers between web browsers and websites. It is universal between all computers web browsers and websites. HTTPS is secure while HTTP is not.
    
**Q14 Which port should one always use in public areas such as coffee shops and airports and why?<br/>**
> - You should be using port 443 due to the fact that using this port will result in receiving information from websites that is encrypted and vice versa.
    
**Q15 What are the three different ports and why are they important?<br/>**
> - HTTP HTTPS FTP. These are important because verifies the legitamency of users involved and can prevent programs and information from being hacked into. 
    
**Q16 What does the acronym URL stand for? <br/>**
> - The acronym URL stands for universal resource locator.  
    
**Q17 <span style=font-size: 13.0px;>If you were typing in a website at what point would you being to place the string query?</span><br/>**
> - You wouldn't it is generated from the website to help follow data and information between the two.
    
**Q18 Should you use HTTP or HTTPS when internet browsing in a public place such as an airport and why?<br/>**
> - HTTPS should be used for Internet browsing in a public place since it is encrypted and more secure than HTTP so it is less likely that personal information such as credit card numbers will be stolen by hackers.
    
**Q19 <span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>Explain the differences between HTTP and HTTPS.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>They both are the language that web pages communicate with each other. But HTTPS means that the specific site is &quot;secured&quot; and the traffic is encrypted. </span>
    
**Q20 What is the difference between http and https?<br/>**
> - The &quot;s&quot; in https indicates that the website is secure. Your browser knows to go to the secured ip address.
    
**Q21 Why is it important to use the https version of a website and what distinguishes it from the http version?<br/>**
> - Https indicates that the website has been issued a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate by an internet authority. This means that communication between your web browser and the website is encrypted protecting important or sensitive data. Http communications are in plain text and can be intercepted and read.
    
**Q22 What is the difference between http and https and in what situation would you use one over the other?   <br><br/>**
> - http is an application layer protocol for transmitting hypermedia documents and is a link between a site's server and the web browser. https is the same thing but the link between a site's server and the web browser is encrypted so that no one else can read it. Using https would be better than using http at largely populated areas like airports because you reduce the risk of getting your information hacked. 
    
**Q23 Describe IP adresses and how they work?<br/>**
> - IP addresses are a series of numbers starting in series and go like this ##.###.###.##  Sites remember IP addresses when you visit them and uses them so you don't have to enter a series of numbers every time you visit a site. Also a computer is given an IP address when conecting to a wi-fi and can be different every time depending on which wi-fi is connected to. 
    
**Q24 When using the search engine google how much of the query string can be removed while still getting the same results? Why?<br/>**
> - The only thing that can be removed without effecting the resulting page is everything after the first unit (EX: u=tigers). This is because the rest of the query string is for tracking a users progress through the resulting pages by google.
    
**Q25 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Using Bloom's Taxonomy d</span>esign and carry out an experiment that would help us determine the amount of people who drive to campus every day. <br/>**
> - One way to determine the amount of people who drive to campus would be to manually count the amount of cars coming in throughout the day into the parking garages and lots. This could take a good amount of people to do. We can also ask for data from Texas A&amp;M about the amount of people going into the garages and leaving the garages and then gather data at the paid lots such as lot 100 and the other lots around Kyle Field. We can take an average and then have a good estimate of the amount of people who drive to school every day. This could help us determine if there is a need for better and more parking on campus.
    
**Q26 what does it mean to be on a secure site and how do you know youre on one <br/>**
> - a secure site means the two sites are sending encrypted data back and forth it would be HTTPS instead of HTTP 
    
**Q27 Write the simplest Google search URL if you wanted to make a secure Google search for 'China' (hopefully without actually googling 'china' and copy-pasting the URL).<br/>**
> - https://www.google.com/search?q=china
    
**Q28 What does HTTP stand for and what uses it ?<br/>**
> - HTTP stands for hyper text transfering protocal and it is used for web browsers and websites.
    
**Q29 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What are the benefits of an SSL Certificate?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - An SSL certificate verifies that you are who you are. This means that you or your website can be trusted by others. It basically verifies your identity and lets others know that you are not a hacker or something that can harm their computer.
    
**Q30 What is the significance of being able to add 's' to the end of HTTP at the beginning of a website to encrypt your private information while using a public wifi.<br/>**
> - The 's' helping to encrypt your website helps prevent those trying to steal your sensitive information on public wifi. It is possible for your browsers to be compromised by hackers on a large public wifi and the 's' helps to make sure no scammers may steal any information from your computer.
    
**Q31 What is SSL and why is it important for users?<br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(171717);font-family: Arial  Helvetica  Sans-Serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer. It is a computing protocol that uses encryption to securely pass information along the internet. It is important in ensuring the security of users information.</span>
    
**Q32 What are some examples discussed in the reading: &quot;What is &quot;Internet&quot;?&quot; regarding well-known port number and what port is being reserved for what application?<br/>**
> - Port 80 is reserved for HTTP port 443 is reserved for HTTPS and port 21 for FTP.
    
**Q33 What is the difference between HTTP and HTTPS which one is better?<br/>**
> - HTTP stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol and HTTPS stands for Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure. HTTP is more commonly used for websites that do not house confidential information (such as credit card information) and there is less data to send so it increases speed. HTTPS or secure http was developed to allow secured transactions and allow authorization. It is identical HTTP but it offers an extra layer of security. HTTPS is better if you are going to use things that need a secure transaction.
    
**Q34 List two benefits of using a DNS for the internet<br/>**
> - You don't have to remember a series of numbers to access a webpage.</p>  <p>Allows organizations to create subdomains.
    
**Q35 Explain the difference between HTTP and HTTPS.<br/>**
> - HTTP: 80 not secure layer</p>  <p>HTTPS: 433 secure layer 
    
**Q36 In a domain name &quot;survey.geog.tamu.edu&quot; what is the highest and the lowest domains?<br/>**
> - The highest domain is edu and the lowest domain is survey.
    
**Q37 How are we all able to access the internet while on campus at Texas A&amp;M?<br/>**
> - We can all get on the internet at Texas A&amp;M because the university has a private server (or internal network). Each student does not connect to the rest of the internet directly but we are each connected to Texas A&amp;M’s router which communicates with the internet for us.
    
**Q38 What are the benefits of HTTP and HTTPS?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>HTTPS is known as Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure and it uses a special code that the servers have agreed to use for the time being so no one can access the information. So there should be no sniffing involved and the information is kept secure. It is kept secure by the code on SSL which is known as Secure Sockets Layer and it helps keep the information secure when sending infomration back on forth from server to server. On the other hand HTTP lacks the security but it is the platform for collaborative and hypermedia systems. WWW or World Wide Web is built on HTTP. In HTTP they basically transfer hypertext.<span style=color: rgb(515151);font-family: q_serif  Georgia  Times  &quot;Times New Roman&quot;  &quot;Hiragino Kaku Gothic Pro&quot;  Meiryo  serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span></span>
    
**Q39 What is the purpose of HTTP?<br/>**
> - HTTP is necessary because it creates the link between the browser and the server. Without it the world wide web would not have the foundation to operate. 
    
**Q40  <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is the benefit of a README file and what purposes can it serve in Github?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A README file can be used to display </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>metadata</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> for the other files that it is packaged with. In the case of </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Github</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> one could use the README file to display your data in a markdown format.</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q41 Explain what a DNS is and why it is important for even basic searches<br/>**
> - Domain Name System it converts domain names into IP adresses. If computers could not automatically do this conversion we would have to memorize many IP adresses.
    
**Q42 If one of TAMU's serverss were to shutdown suddenly what would happen to someone working the on the Internet and why?<br/>**
> - Ultimately someone working on the Internet would be unaffected as TAMU has many backup servers specifically in case of a possible server shutdown.
    
**Q43 Explain why you should be on an HTTPS site rather than HTTP site while using public wifi (like the airport or Starbucks)?<br/>**
> - HTTPS sites use a secure network that requires an SSL certificate to validate that you are who you say you are. An HTTP network is not secured and anyone &quot;listening&quot; while using that network can steal your information. 
    
**Q44 How does Google come to your computer?<br/>**
> - My computer with a unique IP addess uses the domain name system to access another port or Google's in this example.
    
**Q45 What is the difference between port 80 and port 443?<br/>**
> - Port 80 is reserved for http and port 443 is reserved for https - an http secured version.
    
**Q46 What does the stuff after the ? do in a URL? <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: SFMono-Regular  Consolas  &quot;Liberation Mono&quot;  Menlo  Courier  monospace;font-size: 13.6px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>https://www.google.com.br/search <span style=text-decoration: underline;>?q=whats+a+query+string&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;dcr=0&amp;ei=GOhkWp6NNcSZwQSv1YLoCg</span></span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>is the parameter passed to Google to search and to figure out more about what you are doing when searching and what you click on etc...</span>
    
**Q47 Why would you want to use an https instead of an http protocol?<br/>**
> - https protocol encrypts the information that you are sending and receiving from a server and thus helps to protect your information.
    
**Q48 What does DNS stand for and mean?<br/>**
> - DNS stands for Domain Name System. DNS functions as a naming system for any computer or service connected to the internet such. The DNS is able to connect to an associated IP Address which allows the internet to function efficiently.
    
**Q49 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is different between Ports 443 and 80?</span><br/>**
> - 443 port is for https means for the secure website</p>  <p>80 port is for http so it open world wide web  <br>
    
**Q50 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>Show an example of a google search Query.</p><br/>**
> - https://www.google.com/search?q=tigers
    
**Q51 When choosing a basemap for your map what is the best base map to use? Why?<br/>**
> - A basemap that provides relevant data and visual representation in relation to the data your are representing. In order to provide geographic context to allow your map to be better interpretted. 
    
**Q52 How does a web address such as xxxx.geog.tamu.edu compare to an address of xxxx.tamu.edu ?<br/>**
> - The '.geog' address falls one tier below the '.tamu' address in the domain name system for .edu addresses. This is because of the hierarchical structure of the domain name system; the Geography Department is under the jurisdiction of Texas A&amp;M and Texas A&amp;M is under the .edu jurisdiction on the internet.
    
**Q53 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>How can you reduce the risks associated with using public<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>wifi</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Make sure to use<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>the secure version of a particular website. </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The secure version ensures that the information shared between the user and website is encrypted.</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;> This prevents hackers from stealing valuable information. </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>HTTPS will be<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>the secure version. </span>
    
**Q54 Why is HTTP an essential component to the internet? <br/>**
> - HTTP is an essential component to the Internet due to it employs nearly all the web traffic. Being stateless means that the server does not keep any data between two requests. Using a user agent string enables to provide a mobile experience from a traditional website. 
    
**Q55 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Why is it important to use </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>https</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> instead of </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>http</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> when browsing the internet?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>HTTPS is </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>more secure way of </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>browsing the </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>internet</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>. It encrypts </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>any traffic on the site.</span>
    
**Q56 What does URL stand for and what does a URL do?<br/>**
> - URL means uniform resource locator its another name for a web address. It uses HTTP or HTTPS protocol. It has two main components the protocol identifier and the resource name. 
    
