# Easy
**Q1 Which is not true about ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - It requires the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps
> - It is an example of a cloud-based WebGIS system
> - It has no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain.
> - It provides users with data storage.
    
**Q2 What is one capability of ArcGIS allowed to users?<br/>**
> - Create Maps
> - Basemaps
> - Thematic Layers
> - Interactive Elements
    
**Q3 When should the web design be done for a website?<br/>**
> - first
> - Last
> - Never
> - What?
    
**Q4 Assume you are making a web map of your hometown. Which of these elements would NOT be a good idea to include in your basemap?<br/>**
> - Construction detour routes
> - Tornado shelters
> - Intermittent streams
> - Parking areas
    
**Q5 What should you do to ensure our information on GitHUB can be shared with your colleagues? <br/>**
> - Make it public
> - Have a creative title
> - Organize the information from most important to least important
> - none of the above
    
**Q6 Where does ArcGIS store all of it's information?<br/>**
> - Cloud
> - Harddrive
> - Thumbdrive
> - Cell Phones
    
**Q7 What is the first step in the app builder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Choose Template
> - Change settings
> - Test devices
> - Generate Installation Files
    
**Q8 Which of the following is not true?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online requires a desktop software to function
> - ArcGIS Online is a cloud based WebGIS system
> - ArcGIS Online users have the option to share or not share their creations with others
> - ArcGIS Online allows users to create maps and apps
    
**Q9 What level of Bloom's Taxonomy would the following activity require: changing a flat tire. <br/>**
> - Application
> - Remembering
> - Analyzing
> - Evaluating
    
**Q10 what kind of analysis can you do on arcgis online? <br/>**
> - all of the above
> - summarize data
> - find locations
> - use proximity
    
**Q11 T/F: T<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>he biggest challenge for new web mappers is understanding the amount of data that is displayed in their maps and how to get all that information drawn on the screen of a web user in sub-second speeds</span><br/>**
> - T
> - F
    
**Q12 What user-interface design philosophy is Google famous for?<br/>**
> - Material design
> - Google Maps
> - Intuitive design
> - Simple design
    
**Q13 What is a hamburger?<br/>**
> - A three-lined tab that opens a drawer.
> - American food
> - A side-bar
> - Drop-down menu
    
**Q14 Are google basemaps free?<br/>**
> - Yes until your web page has a lot of traffic.
> - yes indeffinitely
> - no
> - only if you include ads
    
**Q15 What is not true about a cloud service?<br/>**
> - Hard to share things with other people
> - Backups automatically
> - Location is easily accessible
> - 24/7 up time
    
**Q16 What does ArcGIS Online provide to its users?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Data storage
> - Map authoring tools
> - Sharing capabilities
    
**Q17 What is esri's online GIS service?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - esri online
> - esri web
> - onlineGIS
    
**Q18 Esri staff handles which of the following on ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - software updates
> - data backups
> - bug fixes
    
**Q19 What does API mean?<br/>**
> - Application Program Interface
> - Automatic Programming Interface
> - Assisted Personal Import
> - Automatic Personal Image
    
**Q20 Which of the following is not a type of online maps?<br/>**
> - MSC Braille
> - Google Maps
> - ArcGIS Online
> - MapboxGL SDK
    
**Q21 What is ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - A cloud-based WebGIS system
> - An action layer protocol
> - An endpoint of communication for GIS
> - A standard security technology for GIS users
    
**Q22 What kind of element on an online map allow the user to click on it?<br/>**
> - Interactive element
> - Basemap
> - Thematic layers
> - web map
    
**Q23 What is ESRI's program to push into using the &quot;cloud apabilities&quot;?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - ArcGIS Pro
> - ArMap API
> - ArcView
    
**Q24 Where are applications like Google Maps and ArcGIS online accessed?<br/>**
> - browser
> - Application
> - Download
> - Saved file
    
**Q25 Which of the Following is not true regarding ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - Requires the use of desktop software to create maps
> - Basemaps are readily available
> - You can summarize data efficiently
> - Create both 2D and 3D maps
    
**Q26 True or False: ArcGIS Online provides access to cartographic tools but not spatial analysis tools.<br/>**
> - True
> - False
> - x
> - x
    
**Q27 Which of the following Esri tools is not a desktop or mobile App<br/>**
> - Arc Enterprise
> - ArcMap
> - ArcGIS Pro
> - Survey 123
    
**Q28 What is an interactive element?<br/>**
> - anything you click on or interact with
> - talking to others
> - typing
> - API
    
**Q29 Which online map GIS systems allow users the function of data storage map authoring tools and sharing capabilities along with story maps and web apps? <br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - SQL
> - ESRI
> - Google Map
    
**Q30 which of these is used to create interactive 3d maps?<br/>**
> - Scene Viewer
> - Buffer
> - ArcCatalog
> - Navigator
    
**Q31 What is ArcGIS Online an example of?<br/>**
> - Cloud based WebGIS system
> - Desktop software
> - Place to find data
> - Interactive element
    
**Q32 Which is an interactive element?<br/>**
> - menu hamburger
> - time display
> - basmeap
> - source code
    
**Q33 What is a user interface?<br/>**
> - The part of an online map that users utilize to find what they need.
> - A paper map
> - A shapefile
> - A place to edit your data
    
**Q34 Which of the following is NOT an example of an interactive element in online mapping?<br/>**
> - basemap
> - zoom in
> - zoom out
> - compass orientation
    
**Q35 What dose Git Extension do?<br/>**
> - GUI frontend for managing Git repositories
> - lets you search different websites
> - search engine
> - cloud storage only
    
**Q36 A map that you create in ArcGIis online is an interactive map that displays geographic _____________ to tell stories and answer questions. <br/>**
> - information
> - symbols
> - landscape
> - images
    
**Q37 Which of the following is not true of ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - Users must decide how and where their data will be stored online.
> - Being fully online there is no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain
> - The creation of ArcGIS Online eliminated the need to share large files via email making data analysis more efficient.
> - ArcGIS Online integrates desktop programs mobile apps and server platforms into one webpage platform that can be accessed from any device.
    
**Q38 What is most used web browser map?<br/>**
> - Google maps
> - ArcGIS Online
> - Bing maps
> - mapquest
    
**Q39 What is an example of an interactive element in a web map?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - slider bars
> - buttons
> - pop-ups
    
**Q40 What does API stand for?<br/>**
> - Application Programming Interface
> - Advanced Punctuation Interface
> - Advanced Programming Interface
> - Application Punctuation Interface
    
**Q41 Which of the following is NOT an example of a way to view an online map in a browser?<br/>**
> - MapboxGL SDK
> - Turf.js
> - ArcGIS Online
> - Google Maps
    
**Q42 What does ArcGIS online use to keep track of the transactions like georeferencing ?<br/>**
> - Credits
> - Dablooms
> - Dollars
> - Bitcoin
    
**Q43 What does API stand for?  <br><br/>**
> - Application Programming Interface
> - Analytical Processing Integration
> - Advanced Photometric Imagery
> - Artificially Produced Images
    
**Q44 Interactive elements on web pages are ________.<br/>**
> - clickable things
> - pictures
> - words
> - gifs
    
**Q45 What can ArcGIS online NOT do?  <br>  <br><br/>**
> - Call people
> - Make maps
> - Build cell phone apps
> - Get directions
    
**Q46 What does API stand for?<br/>**
> - application program interface
> - academic performance index
> - air pollution index
> - acquisition program integration
    
**Q47 Which of the following about ArcGIS Online is false?<br/>**
> - You get one account for both esri.com and arcgis.com
> - It hosts large number of data sets and services free to use????
> - It is a cloud system
> - ArcGIS Online organizations have a pyramid type of management system
    
**Q48 Which of the following is an example of  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>cloud-based WebGIS system</span> <br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - ArcMap
> - ArcScene
> - Google Chrome
    
**Q49 What GIT function helps you get repositories without having to memorize commands?<br/>**
> - Git Extension
> - Got
> - CHL
> - Extension
    
**Q50 ArcGIS online is an example of a(n)<br/>**
> - cloud-based WebGIS system
> - app builder
> - data analysis platform
> - older version of google maps
    
**Q51 What is an API?<br/>**
> - Application Programmer Interface
> - Apples Pineapples Indigo
> - Action Programming Intuition
> - Aeronautical Piloting Infrastructure
    
**Q52 What does ArcGIS Online allow users to create and share with others?<br/>**
> - All of the answer choices
> - Interactive maps
> - Scenes
> - Apps
    
**Q53 Is it easy to share data on normal A<br/>**
> - No
> - yes I love receiving hundreds of files for one shapefile
> - maybe
> - yes
    
**Q54 ArcGIS Online hosts thousands and thousands of data layers which are available for users of _______.<br/>**
> - All of these are correct
> - ArcGIS Online
> - ArcGIS Desktop
> - ArcGIS Mobile
    
**Q55 What is a spatial reference in ArcGIS?  <br><br/>**
> - a series of parameters
> - A series of explanatory notes
> - Secondary coordinate system
> - source reference
    
**Q56 An example of an Open Web mapping API is<br/>**
> - OpenLayers
> - Bing Maps
> - ArcMap
> - Aggie Map
    
# Medium
**Q1 Explain why someone in an ArcGIS Online organization would choose to upload data and share it with specific people over sharing it publicly. <br/>**
> - A user may want to share their data with specific people because their data is valuable and only wants to share it with their team. 
    
**Q2 What do creating scenes on ArcGIS online allow you to do?<br/>**
> - Creating scenes allow you to creatively represent geographic information in an intuitive and interactive 3D environment for your audience. 
    
**Q3 When designing a webmap how interactive should it be?<br/>**
> - As interactive as it needs to be. 
    
**Q4 It is a difficult task to maintain a web map with a large userbase on your own. Explain how hosting a map on the ArcGIS Online service makes things easier for you.<br/>**
> - ESRI maintains all data services to include regular back-ups they also deal with providing server space for hosting the map on their end. Along with these ESRI also provides 24/7 support which minimizes your own costs.
    
**Q5 How can you organize the information in your repository?<br/>**
> - Create a table
    
**Q6 What are two <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>of the most popular aspects of the Esri set of ArcGIS tools</span>?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>It </span><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps and ESRI staff handle all of the software updates and fixes.</span></span>
    
**Q7 Can you make crossplatform apps in Arc GIS?<br/>**
> - Yes
    
**Q8 How is ArcGIS online more user/creator friendly than the desktop version?<br/>**
> - Esri handles updates and other maintenance issues. There is a more friendly UI that doesn't require that much. ArcMap is very particular about where is the data is stored while ArcGIS stores all of it for you
    
**Q9 <p style=margin: 0.0px 0.0px 1.0em;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: small;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Analyze the following statements and tell me whether they are a fact or an opinion and explain why: </p>  <ol style=margin: 1.0em 0.0px;padding: 0.0px 0.0px 0.0px 40.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: small;list-style: decimal;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>   <li style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;font-family: inherit;font-size: 13.0px;display: list-item;list-style-position: outside;list-style-type: inherit;>Dr. Goldberg has a cool beard.   <li style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;font-family: inherit;font-size: 13.0px;display: list-item;list-style-position: outside;list-style-type: inherit;>Texas A&amp;M University is located in College Station TX.   <li style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;font-family: inherit;font-size: 13.0px;display: list-item;list-style-position: outside;list-style-type: inherit;>Drug Dealers belong in prison.  </ol>  <br><br/>**
> - <ol>   <li><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span>Opinion: this is because some people may think the beard is not cool at all when others may think that it is cool.   <li style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;font-family: inherit;font-size: 13.0px;display: list-item;list-style-position: outside;list-style-type: inherit;>Fact: Texas A&amp;M University is in fact located in College Station TX.   <li style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;font-family: inherit;font-size: 13.0px;display: list-item;list-style-position: outside;list-style-type: inherit;>Opinion: although maybe obvious to some there's some people whobelieve against this statement.   </ol>
    
**Q10 why is arcgis online good for a company to have <br/>**
> - since its essentially a cloud service it makes it a lot easier for more than one person to work on a single map 
    
**Q11 What is one use of online maps?<br/>**
> - Online maps can be used to research and/or dristibute data.
    
**Q12 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What data will be needed to accomplish your project and why?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span> <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Data and their justifications will </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>depend on projects.</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q13 Why would you not want thematic layers on your basemap?<br/>**
> - Because the information on a thematic layer can change frequently over time such as building or zoning type compared to a main highway.
    
**Q14 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What should be considered when designing a map?</p><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>The user and their needs wants and disabilities. Some users may not be able to look at the web map with the same expertise as the programmer.</p>
    
**Q15 List the many functions of ArcGIS <br/>**
> - user data storage map authorizing tools data and map storage and sharing capabilities 
    
**Q16 What are some of ArcGIS Online capabilities?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online allows users to create interactive maps scenes and apps you can share with others.
    
**Q17 How does ArcGIS Online fit within an organization?  <br><br/>**
> - All data is stored in ArcGIS online and users on mobile and desktop are able to access this data. Users are able to create apps and analyses using this data and these components are also stored online. This puts ArcGIS online at the center of the organiztion
    
**Q18 How does ArcGIS online compare in relation to other Esri products.<br/>**
> - It is in the center of all Esri products. Every product goes through ArcGIS online.
    
**Q19 Give 4 reasons why ArcGIS online became <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>one of the most popular aspects of the Esri set of ArcGIS tools. </span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> No desktop software to upgrade license or maintain. T</span>he <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;background-color: rgb(255255255);>most common GIS mapping and analysis can be done directly in a web browser. Esri staff handle ArcGIS Online software updates data backups and bugs fixes and the full suite of Esri tools are available for use.</span>
    
**Q20 What is the difference between basemap and thematic layer?<br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Basemap is generally changed once every little while. Things that are temporary should go on thematic layer.</p>
    
**Q21 What are some of the functions of ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS allows users to find data create interactive maps scenes and apps.
    
**Q22 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;> <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What does good map requited and give examples of different types of online maps?</span></span><br/>**
> - Good map requites a Basemap interactive elements and thematic layers</p>  <p>Types of online maps; google map ArcGIS online Turf.js etc.   
    
**Q23 List two ways that ArcGIS Online is different from ArcGIS 10.5 or ArcPro.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS Online does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps</span> .</p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS Online provides much but not all  of the spatial analysis and cartographic tools available inside of ArcGIS Desktop tools</span>
    
**Q24 What is API<br/>**
> - Application Programmer Interface
    
**Q25 How does ArcGIS online differ from ArcGIS Desktop?<br/>**
> - The primary difference between the two forms of ArcGIS is the accessibility of the two: ArcGIS Desktop requires a license and a download while ArcGIS Online requires only an internet connection and an ESRI account. Aside from that the desktop version allows more features and applications to help quantify or express the data at hand.
    
**Q26 Explain the differences of ArcGIS Online for specific organizations and why this is beneficial to that organization.<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online for organizations allow those organizations to upload data to be shared within the organization but not the whole world. Additionally this feature allows organizations to manage who is able to access the data and manage the people that are involved and changing the data. This is important because it allows organizations to protect their proprietary data. Limiting who is involved in editing maps and data limits the changes that can be made ensuring that those involved are properly qualified and supervised.
    
**Q27 List some of the benefits of ArcGIS online compared to the version thats placed on a desktop.<br/>**
> - One of the biggest benefits is that the site and server are maintained by Esri as opposed to being the responsibility of the end user. This means that the updates and licensing is done by them. They also handle any bugs maintenance issues etc.
    
**Q28 What does an API do? <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(343434);font-family: arial  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>It specifies how software components should interact</span>
    
**Q29 What is the reason behind why you should not include things like construction zones on your basemap?<br/>**
> - You should not include things like construction zones on your basemap due to the zone being temporary and a base map should be something that rarely changes. 
    
**Q30 ArcGis online is an example of what?<br><br><br/>**
> - a cloud-based webGIS system  <br>
    
**Q31 List some interactive elements used in Google Maps and Aggie Maps. Why do you think they were made to look like that?<br/>**
> - In Google Maps they use less text so they don't overwhelm the person using the maps. When you keep zooming in more text shows up. In order to access satellite imagery there is a box on the left that cleary shows a self explanatory image of satellite imagery. Their zooming in and zoom out buttons are self explanatory as well. Aggie Maps have their layers in a drawer to the left. These maps can be turned off and on and an open eyeball for each layer means it is active and an eyeball with a cross over it means that it is not active. Each map has different interactive elements and they need carefully graphically designed. 
    
**Q32 What are some reasons it would be advantageous to design a web page specifically for mobile devices?<br/>**
> - One reason is that if your webmap is mainly intended to be used by people who are on the go then it will be suited for that purpose.
    
**Q33 Why is it important to have a good user interface?<br/>**
> - You want your consumers to be able to use your product quickly and effectively. 
    
**Q34 What is the problem with creating interactive elements for your map?<span style=text-decoration: line-through;></span><br/>**
> - Creating specific interactive elements for your map is that they require the most custom programming the amount of interactivity you have the freedom to add may be strongly correlated with the amount of JavaScript programming that you know how to do<span style=text-decoration: line-through;></span>. <span style=text-decoration: line-through;></span>
    
**Q35 Why might you use interactive elements?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: medium;><span style=color: rgb(000);>They can <span style=font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>help you learn more about the layers in the map</span></span> </span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: medium;>Let the map be more approachable and user-friendly</span>
    
**Q36 Explain what ArcGIS online is. <br/>**
> - It is the central location that provides the web interface for uploading data creating maps applications services and publishing these data and services that allows other people to connect and use them. 
    
**Q37 What is an API and how can it be used in your own projects?<br/>**
> - API is Application Programming Interface and it allows you to essentially layer your data on top of someone else's already-made map. 
    
**Q38 What does API stand for?<br/>**
> - Application Programmer Interface - You can use base layers and other already made features and can add to that. You only have to worry about the functions you want and can use the ones already available provided by the company.
    
**Q39 What should be taken in to consideration when designing a online map?<br/>**
> - The ease of access availability depending on the platform the user is using and visual pleasure for users.
    
**Q40 What does it mean by &quot;Mobile First Design&quot; and why is it important?<br/>**
> - Mobile first design is when you create a application with mobile use in mind. This ensures that mobile users have a intuitive and usable interface.
    
**Q41 List the native language(s) for iOS and Android app development and explain why developing in React as opposed to a native language may be a better option.<br/>**
> - Objective C and Swift are the native languages for iOS app development and Java is the native language for Android.  Developing apps using React may be a better option than using a native language since React allows for apps to be published for both iOS and Android while only using one language (React) for development of both.   <br>  <br>
    
**Q42 Why is it important to consider the user when creating an interface?<br/>**
> - To make sure you dont offend the user and to make sure it is intuitive 
    
**Q43 What are the benefits of utilizing a mobile first design?  <br><br/>**
> - Mobile first design assumes the webpage will be viewed on a mobile device and is the webpage is designed to look good and be usable in that setting.
    
**Q44 Describe 3 benefits of ArcGIS Online.<br/>**
> - 1. It's cloud based so you personally can't lose your work.</p>  <p>2. It's all online thus you dont have to have a giant downloaded application on your computer and can use it on every computer because it's online.</p>  <p>3. It's free to use.
    
**Q45 What is an API and how is it useful?<br/>**
> - It stands for Application Programming Interface and it is helpful because you do not have to worry about the UX decisions like zooming symbols and directions symbols. 
    
**Q46 What is ArcGIS online used for?<br/>**
> - to store data in ESRI
    
**Q47 Use a sentence to describe how to determine if something is an interactive element.<br/>**
> - do you click on it
    
**Q48 What are the different types of online mapping?<br/>**
> - <p style=>Browser mapping mobile apps mapping.</p>
    
**Q49 what are three common actions within the Git Extension main menu?<br/>**
> - open repository clone repository create new repository. 
    
**Q50 What are four reasons why somebody might want to create an app.<br/>**
> - Apps are created to inform educate entertain and inspire people about a wide variety of topics.
    
**Q51 List three different kinds of programming language which of these is best for programming both Apple and Android software simultaneously?<br/>**
> - Objective C Swift and REACT. REACT is best to use when programming both Apple and Android Devices. 
    
**Q52 What are four popular aspect of using ArcGIS Online? Explain the usefulness of each aspect.<br/>**
> - It does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps. This means that there is no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain.</p>  <p>ArcGIS Online provides much of the spatial analysis and cartographic tools available inside of ArcGIS Desktop tools. This means that most common GIS mapping and analysis can be done directly in a web browser.</p>  <p>Esri staff handle ArcGIS Online software updates data backups and bug fixes. This means that end-users do not need to worry about any of backend maintenance issues nor do they have to worry about how or where their data are stored and that these data and services are available 24/7.</p>  <p>The full suite of Esri tools - from desktop apps (ArcMap ArcGIS Pro) to mobile apps (Survey 123 Collector) to server platforms (ArcGIS Enterprise ArcGIS Portal) - natively integrates seamlessly into and through ArcGIS online. This means that the full spectrum of end-users needs - from basic map viewing to custom data collection unique application development can all be integrated together in a single platform which can be utilized online on a desktop or on smart devices.
    
**Q53 What are the benefits of using ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - It gives easier and more complete access to data that can be used by multiple people.
    
**Q54 List 3 different types of imagery data that can be collected from ArcGIS Online Desktop or Mobile.<br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>demographic and lifestyle data boundaries and places landscapes oceans Earth observations community maps transportation etc.</p>  <br>
    
**Q55 List types of coordinate system and provide what system do they whork with.<br/>**
> - 1. A global or spherical coordinate system such as latitude–longitude. These are often referred to as geographic coordinate systems.</p>  <p>2. A projected coordinate system based on a map projection such as transverse Mercator Albers equal area or Robinson all of which (along with numerous other map projection models) provide various mechanisms to project maps of the earth's spherical surface onto a two-dimensional Cartesian coordinate plane. Projected coordinate systems are sometimes referred to as map projections.
    
**Q56 Why are online maps so useful?<br/>**
> - Because they can be used for research and data distribution around the globe and can be readily accessible by others.
    
# Hard
**Q1 How are apps beneficial for the office and which app would a company use if they wanted to create 2D or 3D maps to display information?<br/>**
> - They allow you to analyze data from more angles to make smarter decisions and a company would use ArcGIS Pro to create 2D or 3D maps. 
    
**Q2 Why is it best to develop a website for mobile Apps first then moved to desktop design?<br/>**
> - There is trend following the design of mobile Apps first due to the growing usage of phones and therefore more demand to have better designs for mobile devices. 
    
**Q3 Should Esri move to a totally online format with ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - Yes since people are just using browsers and mobile apps more often nowadays. 
    
**Q4 Explain the concept of Mobile-First design and how it applies to web mapping.<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Mobile-First design means that you design your product to be used at mobile resolutions first and foremost expanding on your design for larger resolutions afterwards. This is practical for web mapping since it ensures that your map will be able to convey its message at any resolution without requiring you to fix things as you decrease the screen space.</span>
    
**Q5 What is the diffence between the projects folder and the repository? <br/>**
> - The projects folder is an area specifically for storing projects and the repository can store everything. 
    
**Q6 What makes ArcGIS Online better than ArcMap on a computer?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online can be used on any computer no matter the hard drive size and is much harder to lose data since all of the data is stored in the cloud. 
    
**Q7 What ArcGIS office app can be used to display 2d and 3d data including KML?<br/>**
> - ARC GIS earth
    
**Q8 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is the benefit of having an </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>online</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> account for you organization?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Your organization would have an allocated space for data storage. Members of your organizations would be able to work better together since it is a cloud-</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>based system and would cut out communication </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>barriers. Members users data and other services can be managed by the organization</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q9 <span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Based on this year's football season </span><span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>predict who will win the Super Bowl. </span><br/>**
> - Based on how the season went as well as the history I believe that the Patriots will win the Super Bowl. They are a more experienced team and have had a very successful season.
    
**Q10 what is a credit for and why does Esri give schools unlimited while giving businesses a limited amount<br/>**
> -  when you have pro every tool you use uses a credit and schools get unlimited because students tend to make a lot of mistakes
    
**Q11 What is ArcGIS online used for?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);>ArcGIS Online provides user data storage map authoring tools data and map distribution and sharing capabilities and a series of interesting components that allow users to collect data in the field (ArcCollector) and distribute it to the world (Story Maps Web Apps).</span>
    
**Q12 How would you design a webmap using mobile first philosophy?<br/>**
> - Make the footer smaller automatically close drawers and add buttons to show additional information. You can also make it so the desktop page expands upon the mobile web page adding more features without interfering with mobile users.
    
**Q13 When creating a website or online content what platform should you design it to be compatible with first? Why? <br/>**
> - Online products should be designed as mobile-first. This is due to desktop size and components not usually transferring well to mobile and the higher usage of mobile phones compared to desktop. 
    
**Q14 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is the importance of an intuitive interface?</p><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>If the interface is difficult to understand the user will likely not be able to use the product to its fullest extent. The interface is the most contact that the user has with the web page.</p>
    
**Q15 Why are symbols for interactive elements important?<br/>**
> - The symbols need to be universal. So anyone and everyone can use your map and be able to tell what each interactive element does to the map. The best way to test is with trial and error and testing it out on subjects. 
    
**Q16 ArcGIS Online hosts thousands of data layers which are available for users of different ArcGIS platforms. What are some of them?<br/>**
> - Data include imagery a series of basemaps demographic and lifestyle data boundaries and places landscapes oceans Earth observations community maps transportation and many more.
    
**Q17 What is the benefit of using ArcGIS online for an organization?<br/>**
> - You dont have to worry about backups maintenance or where your data is stored.
    
**Q18 Who all can join the TAMU ArcGIS online organization?<br/>**
> - All faculty staff and students at Texas A&amp;M can join in the organization.
    
**Q19 Why do we use basemap layers in webmaps instead of thematic layers?<br/>**
> - Because the basemap layer is the largest part of the map and takes the most 'time and space' it is not supposed to be updated constantly or even should be. The basemap should be considered the 'base' of the map to which everythig is built on. The thematic layers are smaller pieces of the webmap that can be removed replaced or edited without affecting the rest of the maps layers. A good example of a thematic layer being a construction zone which is not permanent and would be diserable to change.
    
**Q20 What does the best interactive layer look like?<br/>**
> - The best interactive layer should be self-explanatory. A good design can let its user know of the things they can do in the map without over-complicating things.
    
**Q21 What are some of the ways that ArcGIS online allows you to perform analyses?<br/>**
> - It lets you summarize data find locations apply data to location analyze patterns use proximity and manage data.
    
**Q22 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is ArcGIS online and why ArcGIS is most popular aspects of Esri?</span><br/>**
> - It is a cloud-based webGIS system which is the central location providing the web interface for uploading data creating the map app and services.</p>  <p><span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Provide multiple Esri tools for desktop mobile and server platform; most of the GIS mapping and analyzing can be done inside website; the user doesn’t need to worry about any of backend with a software update data backup and bugs fixes; no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain.</span>
    
**Q23 What are the advantages of ArcMap online compared with a desktop program?<br/>**
> - With sacrificing some features a person gains the following:</p>  <p>- Easier to share projects. </p>  <p>- Find data from layers created by reliable organizations like NOAA with out having to manually downloading to your desktop.</p>  <p>- Live Maps</p>  <p>- Esri handles back end maintanance issues
    
**Q24 What is one consideration when creating a web map interface?<br/>**
> - Keeping the information relevant to the user and the options of the map easily identifiable in terms of their purpose for instance the directions or zoom buttons on Google Maps.
    
**Q25 What are some of the analysis tools you can use on ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online has numerous different means to perform analysis. These include: data summarization location finding data enrichment pattern analysis proximity analysis and data management.
    
**Q26 Why is ArcGIS online a good platform for creating apps for the community?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online has capabilities to create open source data for the public in general. This means that you can take an issue in the community for example:traffic issues that are commonly seen in certain areas and then gather data on that subject and create a map displaying times and locations of traffic congestion. By making this open to the public anyone can then use that map you created in order to better plan their route cutting down on congestion and stress in peoples daily lives. The important note here is that it is open data. It only requires an internet connection and can be easily understood meaning the majority of people can access and utilize the information.
    
**Q27 What does ESRI's role in ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - They are the administrators moderators maintenance database loggers etc
    
**Q28 You are interested in creating a map to display your data what are some benefits to Esri's interactive maps that are available on ArcGIS Online? <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>These maps are available to a wide audience and include multiscale basemaps operational layers targeted to a specific audience and information pop-ups that allow users to drill into specific features they are interested in.</span>
    
**Q29 What is an interactive element?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-size: 13.0px;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(000);>Buttons on the map that allow you to access different functions that give users access to data </span>within<span style=font-size: 13.0px;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(000);> the map. </span></span>
    
**Q30 Why is ArcGIS a good WebGIS?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>No desktop software required   <li>provides most of the tools available on desktop with no download required   <li>full suite of ESRI tools (ArcMap ArcGIS Pro)   <li>ESRI staff handle the updates and backups don't have to worry about backend maintenance  </ul>
    
**Q31 Why is ArcGIS a popular aspect of Esri?<br/>**
> - You don't have to update or maintain ArcGIS Online like any of the Esri's desktop software. They also have the most used spatial analysis and cartographic tools already built in. Also Esri maintain ArcGIS Online so the end users do not have to worry about anything and they also do not have to worry about data being stored. All these services available 24/7 365 days a week. All of Esri's tools can integrate into ArcGIS Online very easily.  
    
**Q32 Is it better to have lots of interactive elements or fewer in your webmap why?<br/>**
> - It is important to maintain a user interface which is intuitive and unclutters to make your webmap as appealing as possible. I would try to use the least interactive elements as possible.
    
**Q33 Why is ArcGIS online better for projects versus ArcGIS for desktop?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online allows multiple people to edit one map while in the desktop version you must email shapefiles back and forth and it is confusing.
    
**Q34 What is the signifiagnce of an API?<span style=text-decoration: line-through;></span><br/>**
> - It allows you to adjust maps to exactly how you want in order to show specific attributes of the area and avoid the generic feel of normal google maps.<span style=text-decoration: line-through;></span>
    
**Q35 What dose mobile first programming mean?<br/>**
> - It is where you program your website for mobile device before desktop application. Making it better for mobile devices
    
**Q36 Explain why a cloud-based system like ArcGIS is best for working on group projects. <br/>**
> - Because a cloud-based system such as ArcGIS online provides users with data storage map authoring tools data and map distributions as well as sharing capabilities. 
    
**Q37 Why would a company want to utilize Esri's ArcGIS Online tool?<br/>**
> - It is a collaborative site that allows multiple people to work on the same project from nearly any device with a wide range of tools to utilize in order to analyze their data. 
    
**Q38 Why don't you want things that are changing to be a part of the base map?<br/>**
> - Things that are constantly changing have to be recalculated and since the base map takes a long time already to calculate it adds to that. Things that change are better represented in thematic layer that you can display .
    
**Q39 When creating an map is it better to create the code for webpage or an app first? Why?<br/>**
> - Create the map as an app for mobile phones first because it is easier to expand a map for use a on full screen webpage than to make it shrink.
    
**Q40 What is the &quot;React&quot; coding language and why is it useful.<br/>**
> - React is a coding language that can be easily converted to both Java and C. This is useful because you can code for both IOS and Android with 1 source code
    
**Q41 Why may members of a project team opt to use ArcGIS Online as opposed to working solely with desktops?<br/>**
> - Project teams may opt to use ArcGIS Online since it allows members to form groups store large amounts of data work collaboratively and share updates quickly.  With only a desktop project updates cannot be shared as easily so it is much harder to verify that every member has the most recent version especially when large amounts of data are involved.
    
**Q42 What is react?<br/>**
> - React is a programming language made by facebook to write apps for android and iphone.
    
**Q43 Explain the advantages of using a cloud based system?<br/>**
> - A cloud based system is constantly backed up so if your computer is stolen or breaks you do not lose all your work. It also allows to easily work with others and have access to their data.  <br>
    
**Q44 Describe why making a mobile map first then a web page map would be more useful for a website.<br/>**
> - Making it mobile first is much easier because mobile is all the rage these days and if it is not mobile it might as well not exist. Some websites don't have mobile view for their website and those sites are not good and hard to use. Just a good rule of thumb to go mobile first then web page.
    
**Q45 How does the web page know what size your screen is and what device you are using?<br/>**
> - Host Header
    
**Q46 Why do some people use Mobile First Development?<br/>**
> - Easier to work with both mobile and desktop devices when making one website.
    
**Q47 Why do ArcGIS Online education organization accounts have unlimited credits?<br/>**
> - The majority of the users in an ArcGIS Online education organization is mostly students who have the tendency to make a lot of mistakes. If the credits were finite it might run out a lot quicker than expected.
    
**Q48 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What are the  benefits of using ArcGIS Online</span><br/>**
> - <p style=>ArcGIS Online does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps. This means that there is no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain.  ArcGIS Online is easier to share data files maps in a more effective and efficient manner.  It hosts other people data that are free to use.</p>  <br>
    
**Q49 why is Git extension right-click content imortant? what are some of those features?<br/>**
> - It allows you to quickly accomplish things. Some of these features include push pull view history and check out revisions. 
    
**Q50 What are some of the advantages to ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS Online does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps and it still has many of the same capabilities as desktop ArcGIS programs. </span>
    
**Q51 Why should you use a &quot;Mobile First Design&quot; process vs a desktop oriented one when writing code for a website?   <br><br/>**
> - Because it is easier to design a website for a mobile device first and see how everything should be oriented on the mobile device then just expand it to it's full size when designing for a desktop interface. 
    
**Q52 Why should you create a map in ArcGIS Online? Explain your reasons.<br/>**
> - With it being an interactive map that displays geographic information to tell stories and answers questions. The reason why you should create a map in ArcGIS Online is because they are available to a wide audience and information pop-ups that allow users to drill into specific features they are interested in.
    
**Q53 Why would arcgis online be important to a company?<br/>**
> - So that groups can all edit the same data without having to email and send shapefiles. This creates a real time update to shapefiles too.
    
**Q54 What are the positives of using ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>You don't need desktop software to use it.   <li>You don't have to save the maps on your computer it is cloud biased.   <li>provides many of the same spatial analysis and cartography  tools found in the desktop version.   <li>Esri staff handle ArcGIS Online software updates data backups and bugs fixes.   <li>Can integrate basic map viewing to to custom data collection processes to unique application development in a single platform.  </ul>
    
**Q55 In a same spatial reference and tiling scheme compare global and local scope what advantage and disadvantage they have?  <br>  <br><br/>**
> - <br>  Global:</p>  <div class=wrapper>   <div>    <div class=grid-container >     <div class=column-13  pre-1 content-section>                    <ul>         <li>Tile layers in WGS 84 or Web Mercator         <li>Scene layers in WGS 84         <li>Noncached layers with any spatial reference since they will be reprojected to the scene spatial reference        </ul>                 </div>    </div>   </div>  </div>  <p>Local:    <div class=wrapper>   <div>    <div class=grid-container >     <div class=column-13  pre-1 content-section>                    <ul>         <li>Tile layers in any PCS         <li>Scene layers in any PCS         <li>Noncached layers with any spatial reference since they will be reprojected to the scene spatial reference        </ul>                 </div>    </div>   </div>  </div>  <br>
    
**Q56 Name a Cloud based WebGIS system and list two reasons why it's beneficial.<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online is a WebGIS system and it is useful because it does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps and it provides much of the spatial analysis and cartographic tools available inside of ArcGIS Desktop tools.
