# Easy
**Q1 How do banks detect fraud?<br/>**
> - geocoding
> - a system of sophisticated cameras
> - cameras on flies
> - A whole lot of dumb luck
    
**Q2 Why shouldn't you keep your servers in the basement of O&amp;M?<br/>**
> - It will flood
> - It gets too hot
> - Its too dark
> - I dont know
    
**Q3 Which of the following about Amazon server is wrong?<br/>**
> - The server has to run 24/7.
> - VM that is hosted by TAMU College of Geoscience is exactly the same as the one Amazon sells.
> - Amazon has data (backup) centers throughout the nation.
> - College student with .edu email can have up to $100 credit to spend on Amazon server services.
    
**Q4 Which of the following is true about cloud servers?ÿ<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Resources can be scaled up or scaled down.
> - Cloud servers are cheaper than local servers.
> - There's a very low possibility that the cloud server will never stop working.
    
**Q5 Where is the best place to have a server?<br/>**
> - Amazon
> - in the basement
> - Esri
> - highest floor in the building
    
**Q6 All of the following can be measured through Task Manager EXCEPT for _____.<br/>**
> - Workflow
> - CPU
> - Memory
> - Network
    
**Q7 Why couldn't we access our profiles in the computer lab today?<br/>**
> - water was raining from the ceiling
> - forgot password
> - no keyboard
> - canceled class
    
**Q8 What coding language is used to write in Githubÿrepositories ?<br/>**
> - Markdown
> - Python
> - C+
> - Java
    
**Q9 how many work hours are in a year?<br/>**
> - 2
> - 000
> - 150
> - 018
    
**Q10 Where should you NOT host your server?<br/>**
> - O&M/TAMU
> - Amazon
> - Not in your own location
> - Not where it's prone to natural disasters
    
**Q11 Which plan is not offered by AWS educate? <br/>**
> - Up to 100TB Storage for 0.023 GB/Month
> - Up to 50TB Storage for 0.023 GB/Month
> - 500TB+ Storage for 0.021 GB/Month
> - 51 to 100TB Storage for 0.022 GB/Month
    
**Q12 ______ makes ArcGIS an innovative mapping and analytics platform designed to enable everyone in an organization to discover make use and share geographic information anywhere anytime on any device.<br/>**
> - Esri
> - Server
> - Resposiritory
> - Online data base
    
**Q13 Out of every possible place in the world to put A&amp;M's serversÿwhichÿlocation would you deem the worst?<br/>**
> - OMB basement where a water leak could travel 11 stories down and ruin everything
> - The 12th floor of OMB where no water leak could travel 11 stories down and ruin everything
> - Any building that doesn't host research specifically to do with giant bodies of water
> - Literally anywhere that does not include being exiled to a basement
    
**Q14 Which onlineÿservice is the best for hosting servers?<br/>**
> - Amazon
> - eBay
> - Bing
> - Yahoo
    
**Q15 Why is it a bad idea to put your computers in the basement?<br/>**
> - Water goes down.
> - They have no windows.
> - It is dark.
> - It is cold.
    
**Q16 What is the best place to buy a server?<br/>**
> - Amazon
> - Best Buy
> - Get it from a University
> - Anywhere
    
**Q17 Where is not a good place to put your entire server room?<br/>**
> - The Basement of the O&M where it can likely flood.
> - The 6th floor in a lounge room
> - In any second location
> - Anywhere other than the basement.
    
**Q18 Which of the following is NOT a application of geocoding<br/>**
> - All of the following are applications
> - Fraud Detection
> - Car Navigation
> - Google Earth
    
**Q19 What is a benefit of using cloud services?ÿ<br/>**
> - More Back ups and can collaborate with others
> - can act like you're in the clouds
> - Can never access files
> - Does not have privacy
    
**Q20 What does AWS stand forÿwhen dealingÿwith amzone<br/>**
> - Amazon Web Services
> - Amazon Website Surfing
> - All Web surfing
> - Account Website Services
    
**Q21 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What does vm stand for?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Virtual Machine
> - venomous mamba
> - Video matrix
> - vacant machine
    
**Q22 Which is the bet type of cloud service for creating your own server?<br/>**
> - Amazon
> - Microsoft
> - Google
> - Esri
    
**Q23 What is aÿfail server?<br/>**
> - A server that can be accessed if the primary one is not in use.
> - A server that fails.
> - A waiter that fails to bring drinks to your table.
> - A server that never fails.
    
**Q24 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What does arc server do?</span><br/>**
> - Geocode
> - nothing
> - just collect the data
> - just send the data
    
**Q25 Which of the following technologies allows you to work on programs such as ArcGISÿthrough an emulated computer system that is remotely located?<br/>**
> - Virtual Machine
> - APIs
> - REST calls
> - Amazon Prime
    
**Q26 Where should you put servers?<br/>**
> - In an airconditioned room a few stories above the ground.
> - underground
> - in a tree
> - in your backyard
    
**Q27 Which company does not offer cloud services?<br/>**
> - Exxon
> - Amazon
> - Micorsoft
> - Google
    
**Q28 Where is the least smart place to house servers in the O&amp;M building?<br/>**
> - The basement
> - Top floor
> - 6th floor
> - 1st floor
    
**Q29 Where should servers be placed in a building?<br/>**
> - 1st Floor
> - Basement
> - Tallest Floor
> - 2nd Basement Floor
    
**Q30 What is theÿfirst map placed on a webmap?<br/>**
> - basemap
> - firstmap
> - interactive map
> - first layer
    
**Q31 Where is a good place to put your host server?<br/>**
> - A clean
> - dry environment where flooding and other risky scenarios are less likely to happen
> - The basement of a 6 year old building
> - Outside on the grass
    
**Q32 Which of the following can you accomplish on ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Spread data across the internet
> - Analyze other people's public data
> - Build apps with different spatial features and abilities
    
**Q33 <span style=color: rgb(767676);font-family: &quot;Avenir Next W01&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next W00&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next&quot;  Avenir  &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  sans-serif;font-size: 15.9375px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The webgisÿwidget's UI is defined in an____<span style=color: rgb(767676);font-family: &quot;Avenir Next W01&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next W00&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next&quot;  Avenir  &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  sans-serif;font-size: 15.9375px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>template</span></span><br/>**
> - HTML
> - Java
> - python
> - C
    
**Q34 What can geocoding be used for?<br/>**
> - All of the answer choices
> - Customer data management
> - Distributed geocoding applications
> - Address data analysis
    
**Q35 Which of the following is not a good location for a server room?<br/>**
> - The basement of O&M
> - An upper floor of O&M
> - An upper floor of CSA/TEAG
> - Somewhere that is not a basement
    
**Q36 What is cloud computing?  <br><br/>**
> - Using a ??network of remote servers hosted on the Internet to store manage and process data rather than a local server or PC??
> - Condensation
> - Local server network
> - Basement servers
    
**Q37 Why do you not want to host your own servers?<br/>**
> - Server maintenance is difficult
> - Cloud Services are useless
> - Servers are cheap to purchase and maintain
> - Little precautions are required for servers
    
**Q38 What is geocoding?<br/>**
> - Turning address text into longitude latitude values
> - Coding geospatial values for 3D models
> - Referencing points on a map to write programs
> - Giving longitude and latitude values to coders for video games
    
**Q39 Who is the #1ÿprovider of cloud services?<br/>**
> - amazon web services
> - texas a&m
> - walmart
> - microsoft
    
**Q40 You should place your different servers<br/>**
> - far apart
> - close together
> - in the basement
> - doesn't matter as long as you have more than one
    
**Q41 Where in a building should you not store important servers?<br/>**
> - Basements
> - A high floor of the building
> - A secure location in the building
> - A
    
**Q42 Whichÿof the following is the best strategy to protect your servers<br/>**
> - Have multiple server centers far from each other using different network providers.
> - Have only one server at the basement of the building
> - Have multiple servers separated by 10 meters using the same network
> - Have only one server at the top floor of the building
    
**Q43 Amazon allows a student to use $____ free of a server before charging them .<br/>**
> - 100
> - 50
> - 125
> - 75
    
**Q44 What is a web service that is best to reccomend?<br/>**
> - Amazon AWS
> - ArcServer
> - Google Server
> - Bing
    
**Q45 Which is the number one cloud provider?<br/>**
> - Amazon
> - Netflix
> - MSN
> - ESRI
    
**Q46 Where should you NOT place a server room?<br/>**
> - A basement
> - The 6th floor
> - In multiple locations
> - Anywhere but the basement
    
**Q47 Where is the optimal location of a server room for a small company in College Station? The structure is similar to that of Teague.<br/>**
> - 2nd Floor
> - Ground level
> - Basement
> - Mobile Car
    
**Q48 What is the correct way or ways to obtain a Git repository?<br/>**
> - You can take a local directory that is currently not under version control and turn it into a Git repository or you can clone an existing Git repository from elsewhere.
> - You copy and paste the repository url
> - You cant unless granted access by the creators of Github
> - You must clone an existing repository
    
**Q49 Providingÿgeographical coordinates corresponding to a location is an example of which process?<br/>**
> - Geocoding
> - Mapping
> - Scripting
> - Georeferencing
    
**Q50 What does Amazon Web Services (AWS)ÿoffers to its users?ÿ<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Data storage
> - Compute power
> - Media Services
    
**Q51 What does AWS stand for in this class?<br/>**
> - amazon web services
> - alternate work schedule
> - advanced warning system
> - advanced wireless services
    
**Q52 What does AWS stand for?<br/>**
> - Amazon Web Services
> - Amazing Water Services
> - Apple Web Services
> - Agricultural Water Services
    
**Q53 What is geocoding?<br/>**
> - Turning addresses into geographic coordinates
> - Coding
> - World coding
> - Geographic locations
    
**Q54 Where on campus are the geocodingÿservers held at?<br/>**
> - O&M Basement
> - CSA
> - Teague
> - MSC
    
**Q55 Which of the following is the reason that the geoscience servers went out?<br/>**
> - Flooding that caused power outage
> - Fire
> - Natural Disaster
> - City wide power outage
    
# Medium
**Q1 Why would people want to utilize things such as Amazon Web Services?<br/>**
> - It takes away the headache of having to build and maintain/protect your own server. It utilizes available technology that is protected and often times better quality. For example Esri utilizes Amazon Web Services to create Virtual machine servers that are specifically designed and optimized to run ArcGIS. This also means all back end stuff hardware software possibility of going down and so on is all handled by Amazon yet Esri has a solid product to present to the public.
    
**Q2 Why is it better to use web services like AWS as your onlineÿserver thanÿto host your own?<br/>**
> - There is less hassle when you pay for an onlineÿserver and there is a guarantee that it will never shut down.
    
**Q3 Briefly explain how Amazon server price is calculatedÿcontrac.<br/>**
> - With monthly contracts the price is calculated hourly.
    
**Q4 Is it a good idea to host servers underground?<br/>**
> - Noÿabsolutely not.ÿWhen the servers are underground then there is a huge chance that water can flood and affect the servers. This is because there is no where else for the water to go to. Getting the water out will also be painful as the room is underground. 
    
**Q5 Where is the best place to have a back-up server center?<br/>**
> - Far away from the primary server centerÿin a different geo-region and also in a reliable hands-on place. 
    
**Q6 What considerations should you make when picking a location for a data center?<br/>**
> - Potential hazards such as floodingÿearthquakes etc. based on the location.ÿThis room will also require dedicated power life support and fire suppression to keep your services safe and available. It is also recommended to have another data center as a backup and to also have this data center in a different geographic region.
    
**Q7 What is one way is it a good idea to use cloud services?<br/>**
> - The cloud services allow you to access your files from any computer at any time.ÿThis makes it easier to share info and collaborate.ÿ
    
**Q8 When asked to design a web GIS what are some things to consider?  <br><br/>**
> - The amount of storage neededÿthe rate at which it will costÿthe location ofÿthe storage the server up time.
    
**Q9 What i<br/>**
> - If your hardware is breached you are completely at fault and can cause you and your colleagues or business partners to lose huge amounts of money.
    
**Q10 How mush will Amazon give you (a student) to use for having your own server per year?<br/>**
> - $100!
    
**Q11 Explain why it isn't a good idea to put your computers and servers in the basement of a building.<br/>**
> - In the case of an accident like a water leakageÿyou could lose all of your equipment due to flooding.ÿ
    
**Q12 Servers are computer systems that are used to host files or applications and provide access to them on a network. Explain why this makes servers useful as well as one main percaution to take when using them. ÿ</p>  <p><span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(000);font-family: Verdana  Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 13.33px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;></span>ÿ<br/>**
> - They are useful because they provide a suitable location to store files that also allows you to easily share them with others through a network connection. However servers can often crash so it is best to have back up servers.ÿ
    
**Q13 What are the benefits of not putting very important servers in the sketchy basement of building?<br/>**
> - You would not risk losing customers due to data loss and they would be in a much more reliable and controlled environment.
    
**Q14 Giveÿ3 examples why you do not want to host your own servers.<br/>**
> - 1. Because dealing with all the storage and data yourself is a hassle.</p>  <p>2. Any natural disaster can hit and just wipe your data clean.</p>  <p>3. It is relativelyÿcheap to pay some to host and not have to worry about 1 &amp; 2 listed above.
    
**Q15 What is the benefit of using cloud services when you have your own network?<br/>**
> - It is guaranteed thatÿyour network will never go down. This is important due to hardware having problems that are caused by non-computer issues such as floods or other natural disasters.
    
**Q16 Are amazon allowed to go down?ÿWhy not?ÿIf yesÿhow do they not go down?<br/>**
> - Amazon servers cannot go down because a lot of companies depend on the.ÿFor exampleÿyou have never seen Netflix go down because they have their servers from Amazon.ÿThey have backup servers that are running on all four ends of the country so if the East servers go down things can still run smoothly with the help of the west servers. It is always good to have backups and Amazon has a lot of backups and I am pretty sure they take more safe precautions.ÿ
    
**Q17 Explain some benefits of havingÿ redundancy when it comes to servers.<br/>**
> - You are able to protect against simple shutdowns due to act-of-god events.ÿYou can direct traffic to the other servers when the load becomes too much for one.ÿIt's just common sense.
    
**Q18 What is cloud storage and why is it useful.<br/>**
> - Cloud storage is when data is stored remotely at a server farm. This is useful in that it makes it to where if your laptop is stolen or destroyed you will not lose all your data.
    
**Q19 Why should you always keep a backup?ÿ<br/>**
> - To keep the latest version of your information just in case the originals are deleted or files become corrupted.ÿ
    
**Q20 What is the advantage of having your company run on the cloud services like Amazon web services  <br><br/>**
> - You can accessÿthe servers from any computer</p>  <p>Services like Amazon deal with all of the hardware side of things</p>  <p>Services like Amazonÿalso keep upÿredundant server to that you can alwaysÿaccessÿyour company's information
    
**Q21 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is a virtual machine and why is it useful?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>A virtual computer is a server that can be accessed over the internet running just like a normal computer. This can be useful because it eliminates the risk of running your own hardware.</p>  <br>
    
**Q22 What is interactive geocoding?<br/>**
> - Going to a website such as Google Earth and typing an address and going to find it.ÿ
    
**Q23 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What are the benefits of using cloud storage for data?</span><br/>**
> - <div>  ? Anyone can access the project if allowed </div>  <div>  ? Can be accessed from any computer as long as Internet is availableÿ </div>  <div>  ? Back-end support is done by the corporations (Amazon ESRI etc.) </div>  <div></div>
    
**Q24 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is geocoding and give one example that was given in class?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Geocoding provide geographical coordinates corresponding to a location. Example was given in class was about bank sending you alert about your credit card use in different city</span>
    
**Q25 You have just started working at a company that relies on in-house data storage and processing. The company is located in a hurricane-prone area of the Texas coast and you would like to convince your new boss to switch over to Amazon Web Services. Provide two reasons why the company would benefit from making the switch.<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;>Amazon uses servers in multiple locations across the country which eliminates the chance that the servers can allÿ</span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Tahoma  sans-serif;color: black;><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;>go down at once due to a natural disaster.</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>ÿThis also ensures reliable</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>ÿ2</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>4</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>ÿhourÿ</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>maintenanceÿby Amazon.</span></span>
    
**Q26 How close should server rooms be?<br/>**
> - The should be a good distance away from each other so that similar events will notÿaffect them in the same way.
    
**Q27 What is the difference between cloud based services and hosting personal servers?<br/>**
> - Whenÿyou use cloud servidesÿyou dontÿhave to worry about running your own servers.
    
**Q28 Why is it important to have redundancies when host servers?<br/>**
> - In case an act of god happens or power crashes at one of the places you host the Serversÿ
    
**Q29 Why is it important to keep important electronics such as servers out of the basement?<br/>**
> - Water tends to go the lowest place because of gravity and that will be the basement in a building.ÿFlooding could be a major concern to a group of electronics in a low area because the water could fry the electricity or the serversÿthemselves.
    
**Q30 What is the benefit of using ArcGISÿonline?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>no download   <li>full range of esri products online   <li>dontÿhave to worry about backendÿand maintenance  </ul>
    
**Q31 What are four things to keep in mind when building a host server for your company?<br/>**
> - Do I really need a private serverÿor can I rent one?ÿDo I have a good location for a server to be housed?ÿCan I reduce the risk of server failureÿwith redundancies? Do I have the capital to make a private host server?ÿ
    
**Q32 List some of the primary features of ArcGIS Online.<br/>**
> - Features for ArcGIS Online include: spatial analysis mapping and visualization 3D GIS Real-Time GIS remote sensing imagery and data collection/managment.
    
**Q33 For webgis how canÿvisibility of features in a layer selected byÿFilter widget?<br/>**
> - Only the features that meet the expression criteria will be visible in the map.
    
**Q34 What are five reasons for using cloud computing? Explain your reasoning.<br/>**
> - Cost Savings instead of paying for large amounts of disk and storage and buying installing pricey software you can pay for applications only when needed and many applications are included free of charge.</p>  <p>Ease of Use it is easy to get up and running instead of downloading/installing software yourself.</p>  <p>Increased Storage Capacity and Automation the cloud offers virtually unlimited storage capacity.</p>  <p>Agility Flexibility and Scalability. Your employees will no longer be tethered to their desks and will be able to access files and data from where ever they are.</p>  <p>Freeing up Your IT Staff since the cloud does almost everything for you there is no need to use valuable IT staff resource on things like maintaining servers fixing bugs or taking care of software updates.
    
**Q35 List in order 3 steps of interactive geocoding and explain a reason why companies may want continuous automatic geocoding services.<br/>**
> - Three steps of interactive geocoding include tying an address into a search bar the address being parsed and the address being located on a map.ÿ Banking companies in particular may want continuous automatic geocoding for fraud detection so that they can alert their customers if their credit card is being used without their knowledge.
    
**Q36 What is geocodingÿand in what cases is it used for?<br/>**
> - Assigning latitude and longitude (locational)ÿvalues to a given address. Can be used for banks to track purchasing fraud on accounts by comparing home location to transaction location.
    
**Q37 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Why is it a bad</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>ÿidea to place a server room in the basement is a building? List an Example.<br/>**
> - Flooding and leaking in the building would gather in the basement and computers don't like water.ÿThis would cause the servers to go down and be unable to all services it offers to users.
    
**Q38 What is a benefit of using cloud services?<br/>**
> - You can access it anywhereÿmore collaborative.
    
**Q39 What can happen if you keep servers in the basement?<br/>**
> - Potential floodingÿmultiple hazards.
    
**Q40 Would using Amazon's cloud based server offer sufficient protection in the event of a hurricane?<br/>**
> - YesÿAmazon has several servers based all across the country. If a hurricane destroyed a server on any of the coasts anyone of the remaining servers could immediatelyÿbe used as back up.ÿ
    
**Q41 If managing your own server system why is it important toÿhave servers in two seperate locations?<br/>**
> - If one server goes down you have a back up
    
**Q42 What is one problem withÿplacing the servers in the basement?<br/>**
> - The basement can easily get flooded thus leading to malfunction or damage to the computers/servers.
    
**Q43 What are the problems with running your own servers?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>Having to use the electricity.   <li>Having to purchase and maintain the hardware.   <li>Accidents or Acts of God ( floods lighting fires etc.)   <li>  </ul>
    
**Q44 What are the benefits of using a web server?<br/>**
> - Web services like AWS automatically perform most of the maintenance that comes along with a database. This is beneficial for a company because they will not have to worry about maintaining their servers in emergencies. This protects the companies data much better.
    
**Q45 In what circumstance would a cloud based service (such as Netflix) be allowed to go down?<br/>**
> - It's notÿthat is one of the benefits of having a cloud based service.
    
**Q46 Why should you run a server through Amazon?<br/>**
> - Because Amazon's server system will never shut down.
    
**Q47 Is it practical for a small companyÿto physically host their own servers?<br/>**
> - Noÿit is far better to use a cloud service.ÿMain reasons includeÿsafety of the servers- if the local area experiences a large naturalÿdisaster then this could lead to destruction of the servers. <b style=font-weight: normal;><span style=font-size: 11.0pt;font-family: Arial;color: rgb(000);background-color: transparent;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;text-decoration: none;vertical-align: baseline;>Maintenance is also done by experts if left to cloud services. While it is not cheap cloud services are affordable</span></b> 
    
**Q48 If you want to make a project directory that is not currently under version controlÿÿunder version control with git. I.E. You can control it. What must you first do to change it?<br/>**
> - You must first go to the project directory and type &quot;$ git init&quot; 
    
**Q49 What are two things you should recommend to any company that is asking about how to store theirÿGIS information?ÿ<br/>**
> - 1. you should not host our own servers on site. 2.You need to have our servers on the cloud with Amazon.ÿ
    
**Q50 Do you have to have your own ArcGISÿlicense code even though you have signed up for an ArcGISÿServer account with AWS?<br/>**
> - Yes
    
**Q51 Why should one use AWS over any other cloud provider?<br/>**
> - It is the most reliable server you can find because of how many duplicate servers it has. Unlike the TAMU O&amp;M basement.
    
**Q52 Should TAMU move to cloud servers? and why?<br/>**
> - Yesÿso we don't lose the business of the people we service.ÿAnd so we don't go down due to acts of God.ÿ
    
**Q53 Name two reasons to use cloud services?<br/>**
> - Data is available to any computer.</p>  <p>Someone else is in charge of the servers.
    
**Q54 What kind of services do servers provied?<br/>**
> - Servers provide various servicesÿsuch as sharing data among multiple clients or performing computations.ÿ
    
**Q55 What are the problems associated with hosting your own servers?  <br><br/>**
> - The biggest issue associated with hosting your own servers is it is expensive. Another issue is that it requires lots of backups in various locations to prevent complete shutdown of the servers.  <br>
    
# Hard
**Q1 You are hired on as a Web GIS &quot;expert&quot; for a company. How would you recommend that they set up their systems?<br/>**
> - Tell them it is best for the company to not host their own servers. This prevents the headache of having to worry about damages to the servers power outages corruption to the files security and so on. Utilizing something like Amazon Web Services which takes the responsibilities of hosting your own server and puts it in the hands of Amazon with considerable resources to prevent problems from occurring and/or solving them quickly. The means the company is now free to spend money on other things while utilizing top notch Virtual machines as their servers. Essentially what I would say is that they need to utilize existing technology that makes it less cost on the company while providing a quality network to use.
    
**Q2 Which online web service does Esriÿuse for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Amazon Web Services
    
**Q3 Why do people choose to purchase VM/Cloud Server and not host theirÿown server?<br/>**
> - Servers are affordable enough that don't require us toÿrun and maintaing our own hardware.
    
**Q4 How do you upgrade the RAM disk spaceÿand CPU in a cloud server vs.ÿlocalÿÿserver?<br/>**
> - For a cloud server this can be achieved by a few clicks or even automated using an API. But for a local server you need to do this manually which means you need to schedule a maintenance window and do it yourself. This takes up time and money.
    
**Q5 Give an example of a business that uses geocodingÿ24/7.<br/>**
> - Banks are good examples. They do this in order to keep up with credit card fraud.
    
**Q6 You have been tasked by a small petroleum company toÿdetermine how to host their services and data. What do you think best fits their needs?<br/>**
> - A small company is unlikely to be able to afford its own data center let alone off-site backup data centers. Web hosting through services such as Amazon Web Services is affordable and would keep their data secure and available through hardware failure and other acts of God.</p>  <p>Testing is required to determine the initial hardware needed but configurations can be adjusted. Task manager helps with this process by identifying general bottlenecks such as CPU and memory.
    
**Q7 Why is it a good idea to use the AWS marketplace? list three reasons.<br/>**
> - Since technology is moving towards cloud services instead of basement server rooms it is helpful to know how to do this since employers are looking for it on resumes. You also get 100$ free per year. and finally it eliminates potential issues with servers. You can also use this to make money while you sleep.
    
**Q8 What are the potential disadvantages of having a server in your basement in comparison to a cloud?<br/>**
> - The basement is subject to unexpected disaster while the cloud is a cloud service.
    
**Q9 What should a server room offer to protect hardware?<br/>**
> - You should have general security settings that offers 99% protection including a fire &amp; waterproof design preferably undergound to maintain a cool temperature hvacs along with many other design features. Also there should be a second backup server setup just in case the the primary server fails but it should not be close enough in proximity to where they can both fail due to the same factor.
    
**Q10 Why should you not host your servers in your own location?<br/>**
> - Because if something happens to your locationÿyou do not want your server to go down and disrupt your/other people's businesses.
    
**Q11 Why would it be better to store all of your information in a cloud service like AWS Educate over somewhere locally?ÿ<br/>**
> - In case of an accidentÿyou would be able to retrieve everything in AWS educate.ÿ
    
**Q12 What is one major draw back for using Servers that are placed in a basement?<br/>**
> - One major issue with this is that if the basement were ever to flood then this would cause the servers to crash and stop working. This would be a major issue for a company.
    
**Q13 What is the purpose of interactive geocoding?<br/>**
> - Companies have multiple servers across the country in case their main one goes down there are backups elsewhere to maintain data collection and usage.ÿAlsoÿmultiple servers in different locations collect data based on the specific area of the users to ensure relevant and quality data.ÿ
    
**Q14 Give a couple as to why keeping important servers in the basement of the O&amp;M building was a bad idea.<br/>**
> - 1.ÿAny flooding would just be disastrous.</p>  <p>2. Earthquake could also be dangerous and destructive.</p>  <p>3. Just any natural disaster really could screw those servers up.
    
**Q15 Why is it important to not host your own servers under any circumstance? What is the best way to do it?<br/>**
> - There can be problems with hardwareÿthe best way to do it is use Amazon cloudÿbecause they will never go down.
    
**Q16 List why you should never place you servers in a basement?ÿIf they had to be there what are some precautions you can take to avoid taking any risks and letting down your clients?<br/>**
> - You should never place servers in a basement because they can flood and it can take a long time to get the water out of there.ÿThe sockets in their can be damaged and the servers can be submerged in the water as well.ÿYou can avoid this by placing them in a safer place with a room that can battle these hazards like flooding or fire. If you really had no other choice you can have backup servers that could be placed in a different part of the city state or country so you can avoid the backup servers being damaged if they were in the same city or placed a mile within from the original servers.ÿ
    
**Q17 Ideallyÿwhere is the best place for a second server room? Why?<br/>**
> - In an area far away from the original one specificallyÿin anotherÿgeographic location. This gives you the best chance that one unlikely incidence wont knock out both servers and will give you a much better chance that at lease one will stay online.
    
**Q18 Describe how On-demand cloud storage like Amazon Web Service works and explain why some oil companies dont use it.<br/>**
> - On demand cloud storage is where a company sell storage on servers which the client then pas an hourly operation fee. The Client can access this server via a remote desktop. However many oil companies have their own servers due to the fact they believe their data is so sensitive they dont want it leaving their companies hands.
    
**Q19 Why should you not keep servers in the basement?ÿ<br/>**
> - You should not keep servers in the basement because in the case of a water leak water must go down and it will flood the servers causing for lots of problems.ÿ
    
**Q20 Why should you not keep all your company servers in the basementÿof a build?<br/>**
> - It can be flooded or some other act of God can destroyÿit and you have no back upÿto save all of your servicesÿ
    
**Q21 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What vm services are there/ what are their benefits</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Both Amazon and Esri offer vms. Esri vms are set up with everything an esri user could need while Amazon offers a vm that is just a blank server for the user to create for themselves and is much cheaper than its Esri counterpart.</p>  <br>
    
**Q22 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Give a real life example of<span class=Apple-converted-space>ÿ</span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>geocoding</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>.ÿ</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - A bank using credit card fraud detection. The bank geocodesÿeach individualÿcustomerÿand with credit card processing systems they can track their location and see if any alerts come up.ÿ
    
**Q23 What does a virtual machine do?<br/>**
> - It performs similar tasks as a physical computer but instead runs configuration files that are backed by a physical host.ÿ
    
**Q24 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Why you should not keep your server at one location and what are some of the draws back on where to set up your data center? </span><br/>**
> - If the location gets hit but any natural hazarded than all server at that data center will be gone.</p>  <p><span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Have server at more than one place run it closer to user location purchase hosting for two or more such servers on different coasts</span>
    
**Q25 When operating your virtual machine what step should you take if you notice your system?s memory topping out for several hours a day? How would it benefit you?  <br><br/>**
> - You should purchase more RAM from your hosting service. By expanding your system you will allow more people to view your content at faster speeds.
    
**Q26 Why are servers important?<br/>**
> - The can hold important business information that will be needed later and can run important fraud detection programs to help people not have money stolen from them.
    
**Q27 Why would a company choose to useÿcloud services?<br/>**
> - So that they dontÿhave to worry about the problems associated with running your own servers.
    
**Q28 Why is amazon web service the best to host a website?<br/>**
> - They have server farms across the US and will never go down
    
**Q29 Why would it be smarter to store data in the cloud rather than hard drives?<br/>**
> - The cloud offers a space that cannot be damaged by physical disasters such as floods or tornadoes.ÿThey are also much more efficient in that they don't take any space and don't leaveÿa footprint.ÿ
    
**Q30 What is the benefits of being able to create appsÿeasily in ArcGISÿonline?<br/>**
> - It streamlines the process of appÿcreation and eliminatesÿthe extensive backend maintenance required if developing from scratch  <br>
    
**Q31 Why would a off-site server (such as Amazon Web Services or AWS)ÿbe a better solutionÿfor a business to have than a on-site server the company maintains itself?<br/>**
> - AWS has backups preventing it from going downÿwhile a physical location maintained by the company might (due to flooding/fire/other events).ÿAlsoÿthe costs of buy the equipment and maintaining it might be too capital intense for a smaller companyÿcompared to the relative cheaper option of renting it.ÿÿ
    
**Q32 How do you extract data from ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - The best way to extract the data from ArcGIS online is to access the gallery and search for whatever necessary data. Once found you can click on the dataset and look at the attribute table as well as the spatial parameters of said dataset.
    
**Q33 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Cloud-Only Deployment vsÿOn-Premises-Only Deployment</span><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0px 0.0px 1.0em;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: small;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 14.0px;color: rgb(777777);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>the cloud-only deployment pattern is ArcGIS without the box; everything runs in the cloud using ArcGIS Online.ÿ</span></p>  <p style=margin: 0.0px 0.0px 1.0em;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: small;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 14.0px;color: rgb(777777);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 14.0px;color: rgb(777777);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Everything runs on the organization's own internal IT infrastructure using ArcGIS for Server with the Portal for ArcGIS extension.</span></span></p>  <br>
    
**Q34 If you are a WebGIS expert at a company what are the first things do you want to do?<br/>**
> - Do not host your own server</p>  <p>Use Amazon for cloud computing services
    
**Q35 Why may cloud services be a better alternative to physical server rooms?<br/>**
> - Drawbacks to hosting physical servers include the potential to flood and the subsequent consequence of servers being more likely to go down in the event of a disaster.ÿ When a server goes down and there is not a back-up data center customers who rely on the servers are going to be displeased.ÿ Cloud services especially from a company such as Amazon may be a better option since cloud services eliminate the need for physical server hardware and the servers are far less likely to go down since the companies are more likely to have back-up data centers.
    
**Q36 What are three benefits of choosing cloud services over local servers?<br/>**
> - 1. The data is locatedÿall in one placeÿmaking it easily accessible from multiple machines.ÿ 2. The back end of maintaining a server is on the service company (Amazon)to deal with.ÿ3. The serversÿwill never go off due to physical issues such as floods or earthquakes.
    
**Q37 What precautions should companies take when wanting to use servers/data centers and why?</p>  <p>What problems would you haveÿwhen running your own server? What are some precautions you should take when doing so?<br/>**
> - Fail safe server - Back up server for when your primary servers fail or are down</p>  <ul>   <li>Consider geograhicallyÿdifferent regions to place your servers   <li>building locations and conditions required to maintain servers  </ul>  <p>Server Maintenance - need people to know how to take maintain your server</p>  <ul>   <li>Need to hire server experts  </ul>  <p>Just use cloud
    
**Q38 Are all amazon web servers the same?<br/>**
> - No.ÿSome provide different additional services and different amounts of storage with different prices for units of the server used.
    
**Q39 What is putting an end to running your own hardware?<br/>**
> - Cloud services
    
**Q40 What is a better alternative to keeping your server in the basement of the O&amp;B building?<br/>**
> - A cloud based server is always the smarter option. This way you pay for the guaranteeÿthat your server never goes down.ÿ
    
**Q41 Why should you never try to run your own servers?<br/>**
> - Fire damage water damageÿnatural disasterÿvery difficult.ÿAmazon is a lot easier and reasonably priced
    
**Q42 What are the drawbacks of the servers not working?<br/>**
> - Many companies relyÿon servers to run their operationsÿand they may lose a lot of money if the servers are not working.
    
**Q43 Which is better owning your own sever or using a cloud service? list 3 reasons to explain<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>Using a cloud service is the way to go so you do not have to do up keep on the machines.   <li>The could service is provided everywhere with zero chance of failing.   <li>It is a great way to integrate using groups of people.   <li>The place you are purchasing the cloud service is who will backing up the servers.  </ul>
    
**Q44 Why would a company like esriÿpush users to utilize onlineÿservices like AWS and ArcGISÿOnline even though they are the number one desktop GIS developer?<br/>**
> - Because of the benefits of web services in regards to maintaining a database protecting data and making the data accessible to users web services are much more beneficial for GIS users to use. Web services allow all data and apps that make use of the data to be hosted in a secure environment that will not fail. This protects from headaches among users and developers of the GIS.
    
**Q45 Explain why having two server rooms for the same client within 100ÿyards of each otherÿis not a good idea.<br/>**
> - Ideally server rooms for the same client should be far away from each other.ÿThis reduces the likely-hood that a disaster or accident will interrupt the services and functions of the server.
    
**Q46 What companies are notorious for running their own server systems and why do they do this?<br/>**
> - Oil companies almost always run their own servers because they don't want other companies to see any of their data.
    
**Q47 <b style=font-weight: normal;><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;font-family: Arial;color: rgb(000);background-color: transparent;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;text-decoration: none;vertical-align: baseline;>Explain why a power outage in the NorthEast does not scare Amazon Web Services.</span></b> <br/>**
> - <b style=font-weight: normal;><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;font-family: Arial;color: rgb(000);background-color: transparent;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;text-decoration: none;vertical-align: baseline;>Amazon web services uses a system that work geographically. If the servers go down in the North East all of the information that was hosted there gets split to other locations of servers. This is a safety feature and ensures that the information will not be lost.</span></b>
    
**Q48 What is the command you can use to cloneÿa repository and what would be the benefit of cloning a repository?<br/>**
> - The git clone command is used to clone the repository and this would enable you to contribute to a project that you have an interest in.ÿPlus if the server gets corrupted you can still use one of the cloned repositorys.
    
**Q49 Which sever company is best to use in regards to geographic information?<br/>**
> - AmazonÿWeb Servicesÿ
    
**Q50 List the pros of a company having a virtual machine with Amazon Web Services instead of storing its data on site?<br/>**
> - Amazon Web Services is dependable in its ability to never going down. On the other hands if a company was to store information on site there are different scenarios in which might affect the servers.
    
**Q51 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is one of theÿmain reason one should use cloud services? (think of what happened in the O&amp;M basement)<br></span><br/>**
> - For back up so if anything happen like &quot;an act of god&quot;ÿyour information won't be lost.
    
**Q52 Which web server service would be best for us to useÿand why?<br/>**
> - Amazon Web Services because they offer a free $100 worth of server hours to us students. 
    
**Q53 What vmÿservices are there? Which is the best?<br/>**
> - Amazon and Esriÿboth offer vmÿservices but Amazon offers the better service for vms
    
**Q54 Why is it important to have an off-site backup for the main servers?<br/>**
> - One reason to have an off-site backup is to not have two servers location depend on the same fiber optics system.ÿAlso if an act of god where to happenÿthe other location might be affected.ÿ
    
**Q55 <p style=text-indent: -0.25in;>1.<span style=font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;font-stretch: normal;font-size: 7.0pt;line-height: normal;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;></span>Explain how a cloud service works and why it is beneficial<br/>**
> - A cloud service is a service hosted by a separate entity allowing you to pay for servers instead of hosting your own. This is beneficial because it is guaranteed to never go down and you do not have to worry about the risks that come with hosting your own servers and is cheaper.  <br>
