# Easy
**Q1 Why use arc online?<br/>**
> - Because it is on a cloud meaning you don't need to have your own software
> - Cost money
> - It is fast
> - Why not
    
**Q2 which is not an arcgis online capability <br/>**
> - props
> - interactive maps
> - scenes
> - apps
    
**Q3 Who all can get ArcGIS pro here?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - students
> - faculty
> - anyone in the Texas A&M organization of ArcGIS online
    
**Q4 What is a type of Esri tool?<br/>**
> - ArcMap
> - Word
> - Excel
> - PowerPoint
    
**Q5 What do you declare your data as if you choose to make it avaliable online?<br/>**
> - Authoritative
> - Searchable
> - Avaliable
> - Accessable
    
**Q6 What is the best way to find GIS data?<br/>**
> - googling with GIS in the search bar
> - google it
> - look up an ecyclopedia
> - go to the library
    
**Q7 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is the main benefits of using ArcGIS Online?</span><br/>**
> - It is being cloud based
> - It is a series of scripts
> - It has features that ArcMap does not
> - It does not work with Python
    
**Q8 Name a few ESRI services covered in class<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - ArcMap application
> - Online webmap app creation
> - Cloud server storage space
    
**Q9 Can you build your own apps to your needs? (True/False)<br/>**
> - True
> - False
> - .
> - .
    
**Q10 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Which </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>of the </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>following does a student need to email Dr Goldberg to gain access to?</span><br/>**
> - ArcGIS Pro
> - ArcMap
> - ArcGIS Online
> - Github
    
**Q11 What is the program mostly used throughout the GIS industry?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online/enterprise
> - Map Quest
> - Google Earth
> - Wikipedia
    
**Q12 Which of these would be most appropriate to embed in a website?<br/>**
> - Web app
> - Web map
> - online map
> - arcmap
    
**Q13 Which of the following is an example of a proximity analysis method?<br/>**
> - Buffer
> - Overlay
> - Interpolation
> - Join
    
**Q14 What one thing does ESRI staff <span style=text-decoration: underline;>not</span> handle on ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - coding
> - data updates
> - backups
> - big fixes
    
**Q15 ArcGIS mainly focuses on. <br/>**
> - Maps
> - graphs
> - gant charts
> - data collection
    
**Q16 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What are some of the things that are not given to every student who is part of ArcGIS organization?</span><br/>**
> - Access to ArcGIS business analysis
> - ArcMap
> - ArcMap Online
> - all this above
    
**Q17 Which of the following is free to use?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - ArcPro
> - ENVI
> - ArcMap
    
**Q18 What is NOT an advantage for using WebApp Builder?<br/>**
> - Limited to ESRI products and ecosystem
> - Quality looking product created in no time at all
> - Product easily works across different platforms such as desktops and smart devices
> - Vast array of different plug-able widgets
    
**Q19 ____________ is an applications in which you can create maps and publish them online where they are also avialable on an phone app. <br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - Esri
> - Github
> - Envi
    
**Q20 What is ArcGIS Pro?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online with more access.
> - the same as arc online
> - a portal to blackboard
> - a better alternative to Howdy
    
**Q21 What is the &quot;https://&quot; part of the web address?<br/>**
> - The protocol
> - The domain
> - The File Path
> - The Web
    
**Q22 Which of the following is NOT an example of a cached layer in an ArcGIS Online scene.<br/>**
> - Global layer
> - Elevation layer
> - Vector layer
> - Scene layer
    
**Q23 How does ESRI keep track of usage on ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - Credits
> - Tabs
> - Tokens
> - Coins
    
**Q24 ArcGIS Online has thousands of data layers available for users to use as<br/>**
> - base maps
> - thumbnails
> - descriptions
> - reference
    
**Q25 What is an efficient way to organize material in your GitHUB repository? <br/>**
> - Create a table
> - Color coding
> - Bullet Points
> - None of the above
    
**Q26 Which allows you to configure the functionality of the web gis app?<br/>**
> - Widget
> - Theme
> - Attribute
> - button
    
**Q27 Can you create folders in Github?<br/>**
> - Yes
> - No
> - Maybe
> - I don't know
    
**Q28 Which of these options is not a shareable option in ArcOnline?<br/>**
> - Enterprise
> - Group
> - Organization
> - Public
    
**Q29 How was the pitch supposed to be put in github?<br/>**
> - inside the project folder inside another folder called pitch
> - anywhere
> - no where
> - somewhere
    
**Q30 Define deprecated as explained in class.<br/>**
> - don't use in the future
> - use in the future
> - use in the present
> - never use it
    
**Q31 Which of the following is NOT a capability of ArcGIS?  <br><br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Find data
> - Create maps
> - Perform analysis
    
**Q32 What is the website esri uses for users to access open data?<br/>**
> - hub.arcgis.com
> - opendata.com
> - data.arcgis.com
> - arcgis.edu
    
**Q33 To use TAMU ArcGIS Online what do you have to do?<br/>**
> - Be a TAMU student and email an admin to add you
> - Be a student and make your own account
> - Be a student at any school
> - Just use ArcMap to do it
    
**Q34 Which of the following can you do in ArcGIS online? <br/>**
> - All of them!
> - Create maps and scenes
> - Access ready-to-use maps
> - Make maps with your business data
    
**Q35 Which of the following can you not accomplish on ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - None of the above
> - Create Maps
> - Create Scenes
> - Create Apps
    
**Q36 What is the Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - a WYSIWYG application that lets you build web apps.
> - A separate installation for your computer from ArcGIS.
> - A website for apps.
> - A type of coding language.
    
**Q37 In scene viewer you can create highly realistic scenes that include cartographic elements such as<br/>**
> - All of the Above
> - a multiscale basemap
> - 2D layers
> - 3D layers
    
**Q38 Which is not true about Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - App creation with coding
> - It can run on any device or browser
> - App creation without coding
> - Build self-help apps
    
**Q39 What web server service is ESRI hosting on?<br/>**
> - Amazon Web Services
> - PirateBay.org
> - Anonymous
> - Apple
    
**Q40 What is a drawback for storing your data in the cloud?<br/>**
> - Cloud Owner would have access to your data whether you want them to or not
> - Nothing always use cloud storage
> - It is accessible to whoever you want it to be
> - Anyone can access it at anytime you allow
    
**Q41 What is something ArcGIS online provides to users?<br/>**
> - All of the below
> - Map tools
> - data/map distribution
> - data storage
    
**Q42 What can a person NOT do in ArcGIS online?  <br><br/>**
> - Watch TV
> - Make maps
> - Make web apps
> - Find open data
    
**Q43 Which of the following ESRI products is used to collect mobile points using ones phone<br/>**
> - Arc Collector
> - Arc Catalog
> - Arc Explorer
> - Arc Pinpoint
    
**Q44 All of the following are data analysis tools on ArcGIS Online except:<br/>**
> - Customize
> - Find locations
> - Data enrichment
> - Summarize data
    
**Q45 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which of the following is free?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online
> - ArcMap
> - ArcPro
> - Love
    
**Q46 What do you call the part of a URL that includes HTTP or HTTPS?<br/>**
> - Protocol
> - Domain
> - File Path
> - API
    
**Q47 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Scene Viewer is useful in:</span><br/>**
> - Creating dynamic highly-realistic scenes
> - Watching movies
> - Making updates to repositories in Github
> - Producing basemaps for ArcGIS Online
    
**Q48 What can Web AppBuilder do for you?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - App creation without coding
> - Run on any device or browser
> - Extensible framework
    
**Q49 What expression lets you download files in GitHub to your computer?<br/>**
> - Pull
> - Push
> - Fetch
> - Get
    
**Q50 What does DNS stand for ?<br/>**
> - Domain Name System
> - Dominant Name System
> - Dominant Number System
> - Domain Number System
    
**Q51 What are some ways to perform analysis?<br/>**
> - All of the answers are correct
> - Analyze patterns
> - Use proximity
> - Summerize Data
    
**Q52 Which one of these things does ESRI<strong> NOT</strong> offer?<br/>**
> - ArcAmazon
> - ArcMap
> - ArcGIS Enterprise
> - ArcGIS Portal
    
# Medium
**Q1 Why amzone web service <br/>**
> - They are very reliable and can be depend on
    
**Q2 what is the difference between a map and an app <br/>**
> - a map anyone that can see it can edit it aswell while an app other people cannot edit it 
    
**Q3 If you want people to change your map what type of map would you make it in ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - webmap
    
**Q4 What makes using ArcGIS Pro more difficult than using ArcMap?<br/>**
> - The location of all of the different functions and actions in ArcGIS Pro is completely different than ArcMap. A way to fix this is by using the search operation in ArcGIS Pro.
    
**Q5 What might be some reasons you choose to make data deprecated?<br/>**
> - You may decide that the data are not useful anymore and that you don't want anyone having access to those data.
    
**Q6 List the ways of you would perform analysis of your data<br/>**
> - You can summarize data and make joins and aggregations. Find locations and you can do this selecting from attibute or location routing or centroids. Data enrishment and you can do this by applying data to a location. Analyze pattern and you can do this by using density hotspots and outliers. Using proximity and you can do this by buffers routing and nearest. Managing data and you can do this extracting overlaying and dissolving data. 
    
**Q7 Where are ArcGIS Hub data located? <br/>**
> - The data are hosted in ArcGIS online's cloud.  
    
**Q8 Explain the difference between ArcGIS Web Map and Web App<br/>**
> - The web map appears in the browser in the same way it does when you create and edit it. The Web App cleans up the appearance of the map and it makes the interface more user friendly.
    
**Q9 What are apps for the field provided by ArcGIS and what do they do. Give a brief explanation<br/>**
> - Collector for ArcGIS collect and edit data in the field</p>  <p>Navigator for ArcGIS to route to places that matter to you</p>  <p>Explorer for ArcGIS to discover analyze and share maps on their device.</p>  <p>Workforce for ArcGIS allows to sync with other apps to get assignments navigate to them and collect data in one workflow on one mobile device</p>  <p>Survey123 for ArcGIS is a simple and intuitive form-centric data-gathering solution for creating and analyzing surveys in three easy steps
    
**Q10 Why does esri have various products that do essentially th same thing. <br/>**
> - Currently esri has various products that enable the user to function the same across the platforms and to move towards everything fucntioning on ArcGIS Online platform. 
    
**Q11 What is one of the benefits of using ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - You can use information added by anyone in the world as long as they have it online you do not have to collect your own data. 
    
**Q12 What is a scene on arcgis online?<br/>**
> - A 3D mapping scene.
    
**Q13 List 3 capabilities of ArcGIS Online and give short explanations regarding the usefulness of each.<br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Three capabilities of ArcGIS Online are the abilities to find data create maps and perform analysis.  The ability to have access to thousands of data layers is useful since every map and application needs good data the ability to create interactive maps is useful by increasing the audience viewing them since they can be viewed on a wide variety of devices (such as mobile devices and desktops) and the ability to perform analysis is useful since is allows for information to be gained from data.</p>
    
**Q14 What does it mean to have an organization on ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - Allows administrators to provide access to stuff that costs money so students get the benefits. 
    
**Q15 Does arcGIS online allow you to make apps?<br/>**
> - Yes. 
    
**Q16 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is business analysis data set in tamu ArcGIS online organization?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>It has business-related data inside of it which is how many businesses are in the United States businesses income and its growth</span>
    
**Q17 Why is ArcPro better to use than ArcMap?<br/>**
> - ArcPro uses all of the same tools and other things that are included in ArcMap. ArcPro is much faster and better optimized for the user to effectively use.
    
**Q18 For an organization that alraedy heavily uses ArcGIS is the webapp builder a good solution for creating webapps to use with organizational data?  <br><br/>**
> - Yes the webapp builder would be a good solution as it already integrates with data that is stored on the organizations GIS. The webapp builder also has support by esri and makes it easy for many members of the organization to make their data more visible.
    
**Q19 Why is ArcGIS Online so user friendly and easy to access. <br/>**
> - Because it is a cloud based system that gives you access to apps and a living atlas of the world where you can add items and publish layers. 
    
**Q20 Why might you not want to store your data in ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - If you are a competitor of Esri they can see all of your data.
    
**Q21 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What are ways to design a good website?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - Take a graphic design class or &quot;copy&quot; from another website
    
**Q22 For your project what data layers will you need and where can they be found?<br/>**
> - Answers will vary. Should list out multiple data layers and whether data has already been acquired in the field or taken from online resources such as the ArcGIS hub or knowledge-domain related reputable websites.
    
**Q23 What is the difference between ArcGIS 10.5 ArcPro and ArcGIS online? What theme that was mentioned by Dr. Goldberg does this show?<br/>**
> - <span class=mceitemhiddenspellword><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: inherit  serif;color: black;border: none windowtext 1.0pt;padding: 0.0in;>ArcGIS</span></span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;> 10.5 is a desktop version most commonly used by many in </span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>various industries</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>.  </span></span><span class=mceitemhiddenspellword><span style=outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;cursor: default;><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: inherit  serif;color: black;border: none windowtext 1.0pt;padding: 0.0in;><span style=outline: 0.0px;orphans: 2;widows: 2;>ArcGIS</span></span></span></span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;> </span></span><span class=mceitemhiddenspellword><span style=outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;cursor: default;><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: inherit  serif;color: black;border: none windowtext 1.0pt;padding: 0.0in;><span style=outline: 0.0px;orphans: 2;widows: 2;>online</span></span></span></span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;> has almost as many features but is a run on the cloud. While there are more features on </span></span><span class=mceitemhiddenspellword><span style=outline: 0.0px;font-weight: inherit;font-style: inherit;cursor: default;><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: inherit  serif;color: black;border: none windowtext 1.0pt;padding: 0.0in;><span style=outline: 0.0px;orphans: 2;widows: 2;>ArcGIS</span></span></span></span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;> 10.5 it also forces users to store information on the desktop and possibly manage software updates and other management responsibilities. ArcGIS online while lower in capabilities has advantage from accessibility and management because it is left to Esri and AWS. ArcGIS Pro has the most capabilities however is still run on a desktop. This will eventually be phased out and no longer supported by Esri. The theme this brings to light is how ESRI will have many products that almost all do the same thing and we have to know what to use and why especially if we are working in a mid size company. </span></span>  <br>
    
**Q24 Why might someone choose to make a Web App instead of just a map?<br/>**
> - A web app gives the user more freedom. Web Apps allow the user to make changes to the map itself. 
    
**Q25 Why is ArcGIS online a valuable resource?<br/>**
> - Because it allows the user to share their work with other users and collaborate.
    
**Q26 What are the parts or tools of analysis according to perform summarize?<br/>**
> - 1.Aggregate Points</p>  <p>2.Join Features</p>  <p>3.Summarize Nearby</p>  <p>4.Summarize Within
    
**Q27 What types of things can you do with ArcGIS Online? In what way is ArcGIS Online useful?<br/>**
> - In ArcGIS Online you can do basic cartographic stuff such as editing symbols adding and organizing layers and layouts. It just uses a different UI compared to ArcMap. ArcGIS Online is useful in collaborating with groups because all users can edit the data online rather than sharing and updating individual files.
    
**Q28 What is the key difference with Web App and Web Map?<br/>**
> - Web App does not allow the user to make changes to a map.
    
**Q29 If you want to lead your project what should you put under the question?<br/>**
> - Yes
    
**Q30 What are some differences of google drive and arcgis online?<br/>**
> - google drive: cleaner can only share folders with people</p>  <p>arcgis  online: a lot more options but more complicated
    
**Q31 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What are the differences between a Web Map and a Web App?</span><br/>**
> - A Web Map has the interface and usability similar to ArcMap or ArcGIS Online where as a Web App is a more finished product that is able to be used by everyone.  <br>
    
**Q32 What is the difference between a web app and a web map?<br/>**
> - Very little. A web map can have it's data and symbology messed with with while a web app is just a way for users to see the data and purpose of the map.
    
**Q33 Once you are a use of TAMU ArcGIS Online what can you do?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=Apple-converted-space>You can </span></span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);>immediately begin uploading data and services to ArcGIS Online to start creating and distributing web maps and apps. </span>
    
**Q34 If you have used ArcGIS online before please tell me what were 3 advantages you saw when using ArcGIS online in comparison to ArcMap. <br/>**
> - When I was working on the ADA project last semester ArcGIS online was very useful. One of the best things I liked was that it was able to sync and save automatically. Another good thing about it was that more than one person could be working on the same exact file. This made it easy for a group of people to work together. ArcGIS online could also be used from my MacBook which means I didn't have to use a specific computer on campus. Although ArcMap is also very useful the fact that you can't work on one file at the same time limits progress.
    
**Q35 What is a scene in ArcGIS online and what are the two different types of scenes?<br/>**
> - A scene allows a user to visualize either 2D or 3D data and create an intuitive and interactive 3D environment. The two different types of scenes are global and local depending on the extend of the data the user wishes to analyze.
    
**Q36 Explain how apps for the field can be beneficial for your work and daily tasks?<br/>**
> - With these apps you can collect data track assets and navigate routes. They provide focused workflows and tools for your day-to-day tasks and they run on any desktop and mobile device.
    
**Q37 Why is Arc GIS a useful database to upload and gather data from?<br/>**
> - Because it is widely used and allows users to create interactive maps scenes and apps that can be shared with others.
    
**Q38 How does Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS make it easier to create web apps than conventional ways? <br/>**
> - Web AppBuilder allows you to create web apps without writing code which allows users with no programming experience to create web apps. 
    
**Q39 List 2 things you can host on ArcGIS online<br/>**
> - You can host maps and lidar data
    
**Q40 What are the benefits for Creating Scenes in Scene Viewer?<br/>**
> - It allows for a clearer view of the area you wish to look at as well as giving more options to show the area. It includes 3D layers for structures which gives the user a more visually and spatially accurate view of our world since we exist in 3D
    
**Q41 Why are ArcGIS Organizations such as the TAMU ArcGIS Organization an important feature that Esri provides?<br/>**
> - It helps manage organizations who can access what data who is authorized to change data. It also helps provide resources that cost money to students and employees at no charge to them. Overall it is helpful to sharing collaborating and managing any sort of GIS projects an organization may undertake. 
    
**Q42 <span style=font-size: 12.0pt;font-family: Cambria;>What is the difference between a web map and a web app?</span><br/>**
> - Similar but the web app doesn’t have all the junk around the outside of the page and doesn’t allow the users to change the attributes and symbology  <br>
    
**Q43 What is ArcGIS Online and what are the benefits of using it?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online is ESRI's online platform for GIS. It does not require software updates or or licenses. Most GIS mapping and analysis can be done in a web browser and end users dont need to worry about back end maintainince or data storage. 
    
**Q44 List two forms of an app that can be created on ArcGIS Online.<br/>**
> - Mobile and Web apps
    
**Q45 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What are the primary differences between arcmap and arcpro?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Arcpro is faster and better optimized and can do all of the same functions as arcmap but the interface has the buttons in different places.</p>  <br>
    
**Q46 You have recently started work at a firm that uses ArcGIS Online as a primary storage location for their data. You will soon be assigned some summer interns to work for you; however you only want them to work on certain files and not touch any more sensitive data. Provide an example of how ArcGIS Online services can solve this problem.<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online groups have permission control options that you could use to prevent certain members from editing select files.
    
**Q47 What types of maps are available/supported in ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>Multiscale  basemaps operational layers </span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>and information pop-u</span><span style=font-size: small;font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;>ps.</span></span></span>
    
**Q48 What are the steps on making a web app online?<br/>**
> - Pick a style. Select data. Choose desired functionality. Test launch and share.
    
**Q49 List some of the capabilities of the administrator of ArcGIS Online administrator?<br/>**
> - Add and remove members allocate the amount of credits to organizational users provide access to analysts functions.
    
**Q50 What is a web crawler?  <br><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Web crawlers sometimes called spiders are internet bots that browse the web for the purpose of indexing. These indexes link key words or tokens back to a particular domain. Search engines then use indexes to help provide domains and links to the user from their query.</span>
    
**Q51 List different areas that you can find data for your map.<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>arcGIS online   <li>googling   <li>TNRIS   <li>A&amp;M   <li>etc.  </ul>
    
**Q52 Describe 3 benefits of ArcGIS Pro over ArcMap.<br/>**
> - 1. Pro is integrated with ArcGIS online so you can share and publish data easier with Pro than regular ArcMap.</p>  <p>2. Pro can do 3D maps with relative ease while ArcMap struggles with 3D.</p>  <p>3. Pro can have multiple layout views.
    
# Hard
**Q1 Can students use amzone web services?<br/>**
> - Yes we have a $ 100 worth of money to use
    
**Q2 what is a scene<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Scenes allow you to creatively represent geographic information in an intuitive and interactive 3D environment for your audience.</span>
    
**Q3 Which type of map in ArcGIS online does not allow people to make changes to the map?<br/>**
> - webapp
    
**Q4 What makes ArcGIS Pro faster than ArcMap?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Pro is multi-threaded meaning that it can use twice the number of CPU power than a normal ArcMap program could. 
    
**Q5 Describe the benefits and drawbacks of using ArcGIS Online.<br/>**
> - Some benefits of using ArcGIS online are that you don't have to worry about backing up your data you don't need to deal with the back end of ArcGIS (esri handles is) and most of the layers you may need are searchable and useable. ArcGIS online is also beneficial because it is easily collaborative and shareable. Drawbacks include the fact that esri may be able to use the data you upload for what they want so if you have sensitive data you might not want to upload it to their site. Also while ArcGIS online has many of the common tools you may need it doesn't have the full set of tools so you may not be able to preform the data analysis functions you want to.
    
**Q6 Why are aps for the field important and list some example of them<br/>**
> - They provide workflows that are focused on your data to day tasks. They also include tools that are ready to be used. These apps allow you to track assets have operation dashboards pop up on your screen navigate and th best thing is that they let you collect data and imagery using your mobile device. They pretty much run on every common device that the average person uses. They allow you to be productive even if you are not at your workspace. Some of these apps are Collector for ArcGIS which lets you collect and edit data in the field. Navigator for ArcGIS that routes you to places you want to be at. Explorer for ArcGIS that allows you to analyze and share maps on different devices. 
    
**Q7 When making a new scene on ArcGIS online what are the two different kinds of scenes that you can choose from to visualize geospatial content? <br/>**
> - Global or local scenes. 
    
**Q8 What are differences and similarities in the ArcGIS online and the ArcMap program?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS online provides a map creation tool but does not offer the full range of tools and features of the Arcmap program. Maps developed on Arcmap are able to be uploaded to ArcGIS online however.
    
**Q9 Why are apps becoming more important in todays industry?<br/>**
> - Apps let you combine maps scenes or groups with text multimedia and interactive functions to inform educate entertain and inspire people about a wide variety of topics. You can also create apps by building and refining maps scenes or groups and incorporating them into configurable apps or builders. You can create modify edit and publish apps without needing specialized development skills.
    
**Q10 How does one access data for create a new map on ArcGIS Pro?<br/>**
> - To create a new map on ArcGIS Pro can be done on a various a different ways. One being adding individual layers or layer packages to a map from public available sources or any collected privately held. Then made modifications to fit your purpose. 
    
**Q11 What is the difference between ArcGIS online and Arc Enterprise<br/>**
> - The enterprise version allows you to work with people among your organization and share strictly between each other while arconline lets you use anyones data but must work on your own. 
    
**Q12 You are building a website to guide users to their favorite website.</p>  <p>Is it better to use a web map or a web app for  showing restaurant locations?<br/>**
> - it is better to use a web app because it is more user friendly and less cluttered  <br>
    
**Q13 Explain why ArcGIS Online is becoming one of the most popular aspects of the Esri ArcGIS tools.<br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>First ArcGIS Online does not require the use of desktop software to create and distribute maps.  This means that there is no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain.  Second ArcGIS Online provides much of the spatial analysis and cartographic tools available inside of ArcGIS Desktop tools.  This means that most common GIS mapping and analysis can be done directly in a web browser.  Third Esri staff handle ArcGIS Online software updates data backups and bug fixes.  This means that end-users do not need to worry about any of the backend maintenance issues or how or where their data is stored.</p>  <br>
    
**Q14 What is the benefit of using ArcGIS Pro or ArcMaps over ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - On ArcGIS online you can not do everything you want to do. Things such as creating maps and mostly analysis. So business and people generally push their final products to ArcGIS online. 
    
**Q15 ArcGIS online ESRI's only product that can be used to make maps for apps?<br/>**
> - No ESRI has many products that can be used to create maps. 
    
**Q16 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is ArcGIS online and why ArcGIS is most popular aspects of Esri?</span><br/>**
> - It is a cloud-based webGIS system which is the central location providing the web interface for uploading data creating the map app and services.</p>  <p><span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Provide multiple Esri tools for desktop mobile and server platform; most of the GIS mapping and analyzing can be done inside website; user doesn’t need to worry about any of backend with software update data backup and bugs fixes; no desktop software to upgrade license or maintain</span>
    
**Q17 Which is better when sharing with users a web map or a web app? Why?<br/>**
> - A web map is still editable no matter who you share it with.  A web app gets rid of all of the editable attachments on your map. A web app is therefore better because you users can not change the source data.
    
**Q18 How would a marketing group in an organization make use of the Webapp Builder?<br/>**
> - The webapp builder could be used to create an app that makes use of data gathered by the team to reveal places of high traffic in a market. This app can be used to visualize places of high traffic or to perform simple analyses on the data to assist the team in marketing.
    
**Q19 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(000);font-family: Verdana  Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 13.33px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>What </span><span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(000);font-family: Verdana  Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 13.33px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>is Esri? </span><br/>**
> - <p style=background-color: transparent;color: rgb(000);font-family: Verdana  Arial  Helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 13.33px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;margin-bottom: 13.33px;margin-left: 0.0px;margin-right: 0.0px;margin-top: 0.0px;orphans: 2;outline-color: invert;outline-style: none;outline-width: 0.0px;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>It is an international supplier of GIS software web GIS and geodatabase management applications. </p>  <br>
    
**Q20 What is good about ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - You are able to collaborate with people without having to send shapefiles back and forth to each other. Everything is saved online and not to your hardware in order to avoid problems.
    
**Q21 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What are good ways to find data you need online?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - Go to a government agency website use open source data take it from websites etc
    
**Q22 Would you use a webapp or a webmap for your semester projec and why?<br/>**
> - They should choose a webapp if they want to prevent users from changing symbology and other tools and justify in relation to their project while they should choose a webmap and justify if the opposite is true.
    
**Q23 What is the difference between a web map and a web app? What scenarios should we use which?  <br><br/>**
> - The share many similarities but they have clear differences. A web map will be editable by most users and has a less appealing interface. A web app provides for a more “appealing “ interface and can be easily add to from Arc Collector. This is important for field data collection. A web map is great for collaboration a web app is great for application.  <br>
    
**Q24 What do apps do?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Apps combine maps scenes or groups with text multimedia and interactive functions. </span>
    
**Q25 Are the tools in ArcGIS online the same as desktop?<br/>**
> - no
    
**Q26 Weighted overlay step for <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Suitability Modeler widget </span>works<br/>**
> - First each raster layer is assigned a weight as a percentage in the analysis.</p>  <p>Second values within each raster layer are mapped to a common suitability scale.</p>  <p>Third all raster layers in the analysis are overlaid.  <br>
    
**Q27 What does it mean to be part of an organization on ArcGIS Online? Any benefits or downsides?<br/>**
> - Belonging to an organization allows the admin of the employer/school is able to give licenses and data sets and assign credits.  However a downside is if you are working for a competitor and developing products for them or developing a product with private information Esri has access to this without your control/input.
    
**Q28 Why would a business use arc pro as opposed to ArcOnline?<br/>**
> - They would want to use arc pro so that the information and usage would remain in-house as opposed to accessed online.
    
**Q29 Where did Dr. Goldberg get his design for the GEO webpage?<br/>**
> - I can not say or else I would have to put my face in a book.
    
**Q30 What is a difference between web app and web map?<br/>**
> - Web map: allows users to mess around with the map</p>  <p>Web app: doesn't allow users to change symbology
    
**Q31 <p style=text-indent: -0.25in;>1.<span style=font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;font-stretch: normal;font-size: 7.0pt;line-height: normal;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;>       </span>Describe the benefits of using ArcGIS Online.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online is beneficial because it is stored on a cloud service so you will not lose your work. It also allows you to share your maps easily.  <br>
    
**Q32 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Why is </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Online</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> the center of what </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Esri</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> does?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Becasue</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> everything is moving towards the cloud and Web. Also having things accessible on the cloud makes the </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>processes and data</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> more easily accessible.</span>
    
**Q33 What are somethings you can do once you have created a scene? <br/>**
> - You can perform analysis like summarize data find locations data enrichment analyze patterns use proximity and manage data.  <br>  <br>
    
**Q34 Explain some of the features that ArcGIS online provides. <br/>**
> - ArcGIS online can be accessed from your phone tablet laptop and desktop computers through their apps. There's also ready to use maps that you can simply use as a start and make it your own. There's also templates that you can use in order to help you achieve your goal and come up with your solution a lot quicker. There are many other features such as the ability to get directions routes logistics as well as geocoding. 
    
**Q35 What are the steps to creating a map on ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - The first step to creating a map online is to select an appropriate basemap that displays the necessary geographical context. Next the user should add layers based off whatever data he or she wants to portray spatially on the map. If a user wishes he or she could also change the style of the maps as well as pop-up configurations to optimize the effectiveness of the map.
    
**Q36 List some &quot;Apps for the field&quot; provided by ArcGIS online. <br/>**
> - Collector for ArcGIS Navigator for ArcGIS Operations Dashboard for ArcGIS Explorer for ArcGIS and Worker for ArcGIS.
    
**Q37 On ArcGIS online what is the diference between a map and an app and why would you choose one over the other?<br/>**
> - A map is able to be changed even at the smallest detail by any user while an app has only a few specific features that can be interactive. An app will look cleaner but a map will be more interactive and malleable.
    
**Q38 What is a benefit of using Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS and what kind of company would utilize it?<br/>**
> - You can produce mapping apps for the web with no code required which would be utilized by small companies that may not have programmers.
    
**Q39 Why is ArcGIS online a better way to make maps than ArcMAP?<br/>**
> - Because with everything stored on the cloud it makes file sharing very easy and also storing back ups.
    
**Q40 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Why is it </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>necessary to build </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>apps</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> for you map?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - Almost everyone has a phone or mobile device that can access apps. Creating apps allows those devices to access your maps and other graphics and text while not being tied to a computer
    
**Q41 Why would someone want to consider using ArcGIS Online? Why might someone not want to?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Online offers a centralized platform that makes managing your data easier. It allows you to create content that can be easily shared among whomever. It takes the headache and concern away from having to host the servers and store the data yourself. However all data that is uploaded is uploaded to Esri. There are rules regarding what Esri can and cannot do with your data but for things like proprietary data people might turn away from ArcGIS online and similar services.
    
**Q42 What is one draw back of using cloud storage?  <br><br/>**
> - You actually have to give your data to ESRI and this could be problematic if you are an ESRI competitor  <br>
    
**Q43 Explain how Oil Companies are &quot;Weird&quot; when it comes to cloud storage.<br/>**
> - Oil Companies are weird in that they are extremely paranoid when it comes to cloud storage. They believe that their data is so sensitive that they dont trust it to be stored away from them. This means that they often use their own server farms.
    
**Q44 Why is it best to not keep confidential work uploaded in the cloud?<br/>**
> - Whatever program you save your work on has access to all of your data and projects. If you save everything on Google Drive Google has permission and access to all of your data and work. 
    
**Q45 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>In ArcGIS online what is the benefit of creating a group?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>The interface is much like google docs and allows data to be shared within the group. This facilitates the flow of data and tools and efficiently organizes your project.</p>  <br>
    
**Q46 Why would you share your maps as &quot;Web Apps&quot; after creating them on ArcGIS Online? How is this different than using the link to the map itself?<br/>**
> - Because the map editor page contains a toolbox and other interactive items that are not necessary unless you are making edits. The Web App feature allows you to make a webpage that is specifically for the user without any other confusing buttons that will detract from the maps message.
    
**Q47 Why would 3d layers instead of 2d layers be useful in a scene?<br/>**
> - 3d layers give another dimension of information to the user: Height. This can inform the user about the height of objects such as buildings while a traditional 2d view can not.
    
**Q48 Can you create both 2D and 3D maps using the Web AppBuilder on ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Yes you can Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS includes built-in tools so you can create 2D and 3D web apps for your workflows and your brand.
    
**Q49 Explain the benefits of cloud services.<br/>**
> - No need to worry about the mechanics itself it is always available no need to change hard drive no need to backup data because it automatically backs it up.
    
**Q50 What does SSL stand for?<br/>**
> - Secure Sockets Layer
    
**Q51 What does creating a webapp combine?<br/>**
> - You create apps by building and improving maps scenes or groups and inetgrating them into configurable apps or builders. You can create change and publish apps without needing specialized skills. All you need to do is use ArcGIS online or desktop and play around till you get what you need.
    
**Q52 Name a couple benefits of ArcGIS Online.<br/>**
> - It's all online so no worry of losing data.</p>  <p>Don't have to deal with updates or patches it's automatically done for you.</p>  <p>Can easily publish maps since it is already online.
