# Easy
**Q1 The standard of measure to use for displaying length and area of features to be costed.<br/>**
> - Measurement Unit
> - Measurement Symbol
> - Round Cost
> - Type of Project Area
    
**Q2 When performing analysis on ArcGIS Online which process deals with densities hotspots outliers and interpolations?<br/>**
> - Analyze patterns
> - Summarize data
> - Data enrichment
> - Manage data
    
**Q3  What is the color code for Aggie Maroon?  <br><br/>**
> - #500000
> - #424242
> - #123456
> - #654321
    
**Q4 Which of these is NOT an example of proximity analysis<br/>**
> - Furthest
> - Buffer
> - Drive-time
> - Routing
    
**Q5 Which of the following is not an advantage of using the Web AppBuilder?<br/>**
> - Product easily works across different platforms such as desktops and any mobile device including non-smart devices
> - Ease of use
> - Vast array of different plug-able widgets
> - Quality looking product created in no time at all
    
**Q6 Which of the following is a feature of the Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Create HTML/Javascript apps that work on desktop browsers tabets and smartphones
> - Allows to open ArcGIS desktop program on a tablet or smartphone
> - Allows you to write code on a smartphone or tablet
> - Allows you to directly save ArcGIS map files on your smartphone or tablet devices internal memory
    
**Q7 What esri website is used to make apps in this class. <br/>**
> - arcgis
> - google earth
> - google maps
> - envi
    
**Q8 If there is something unique that you want to do on an online map but there is no software with that functionality what should you do?<br/>**
> - Create a widget
> - Give up
> - Make functionality in ArcMap
> - Look it up on Bing
    
**Q9 What are some parts of a webapp builder?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - widget
> - Theme
> - Panel
    
**Q10 For a company data enrichment on ArcMap can be <br/>**
> - expensive
> - crucial
> - free
> - cheap
    
**Q11 What goes in the head of an htlm document?<br/>**
> - Title of the webpage
> - The main map for the webpage
> - All of the code for the webpage
> - Variables that are used in the code
    
**Q12 What does Widget stand for?<br/>**
> - Window Gadget
> - Wideview Gadget
> - Widespread Gadget
> - It doesnt stand for anything
    
**Q13 which of the following is not an App for the office?<br/>**
> - Google Maps
> - Scene Viewer
> - ArcGIS Community Analyst
> - Esri Maps for IBM
    
**Q14 Which color code is maroon?<br/>**
> - #500000
> - #200000
> - #400000
> - #300000
    
**Q15 What is an advantage of a widget in the web app builder?<br/>**
> - easy to use
> - limited to esri products
> - limited visualization
> - you don't learn anything
    
**Q16 Which of the following would not be a type of widget in the ArcGIS Web App Builder?<br/>**
> - Panels
> - Print
> - Zoom
> - Geoprocessing
    
**Q17 What is one very useful way a user can take advantage of ArcGIS Collector that they cannot do on the desktop version? <br/>**
> - They can use it in an app
> - It can be used in 50 languages
> - Both of the above
> - None of the above
    
**Q18 Which of the following parts of the Web AppBuilder application <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>are little chunks of functionality that are tied into an interactive view?</span><br/>**
> - Widget
> - Panel
> - Theme
> - API
    
**Q19 What is a Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - An app that allows you to build web apps
> - An app that lets you track where people are
> - An app that lets you play games
> - A type of query for GIS
    
**Q20 which of the following does &quot;use proximity&quot; do. <br/>**
> - all of the above
> - buffers
> - drive time
> - routing
    
**Q21 Which of the following are parts of a WebApp Builder applications?<br/>**
> - All are correct
> - Widget
> - Panel
> - Theme
    
**Q22 What type of data is ArcGIS bad at displaying?<br/>**
> - Temporal
> - Spatial
> - Nominal
> - Radial
    
**Q23 What is a viewshed?<br/>**
> - what you can see from a specific location/viewpoint
> - A shed made of glass
> - a map type
> - the sun angle in a 3D map
    
**Q24 Which of the following are included in a web map? <br/>**
> - All of them!
> - Basemap
> - Set of data layers
> - Extent and navigation tools
    
**Q25 On Web AppBuilders what can you create HTML/Javascript on all devices except?<br/>**
> - television
> - desktop browser
> - tablets
> - smartphones
    
**Q26 What does WYSIWYG stand for<br/>**
> - what-you-see-is-what-you-get
> - what-you-send-is-what-you-give
> - when-young-students-interfere-with-your-goals
> - It doesn't mean anything and was made up
    
**Q27 Which of the following is not an advantage of Web AppBuilder?<br/>**
> - There's no limit of products
> - Easy use
> - Vast array of widgets
> - Accessible across different platforms
    
**Q28 Which type of data is NOT a 3-D data set?<br/>**
> - X
> - Y Coordinates
> - LIDAR
> - Elevation
    
**Q29 Which of the following is NOT an example of pattern analysis that is capable with ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - Buffers
> - interpolation
> - hotspots
> - Density
    
**Q30 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is a panel on a web app?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - A group of widgets
> - The top URL bar
> - The slider to move the screen up and down
> - None of the above
    
**Q31 What is NOT an advantage of a webapp?<br/>**
> - limited to ESRI products
> - easy to use
> - quality looking product created in no time at all
> - easily works across different platforms
    
**Q32 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which programming language is used to create widgets in a Web AppBuilder application?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - JavaScript
> - Python
> - Java
> - MATLAB
    
**Q33 In regards to app building for ESRI which would be a good starting point to use?<br/>**
> - ESRI web app builder
> - coding it yourself in console
> - QGIS
> - Notepad
    
**Q34 Which of the following is an example of what you do when you perform analysis using Analyze Patterns?<br/>**
> - All answers are correct
> - Density
> - Hotspots
> - Interpolation
    
**Q35 Who can add you to ArcOnline?<br/>**
> - Admins can add and remove roles and what you do
> - Anybody at TAMU
> - Your advisor
> - The President
    
**Q36 What can you do with ArcGIS Pro?<br/>**
> - All of these
> - Find locations
> - Extract data
> - Buffers
    
**Q37 What is not a feature of Web AppBuilder?<br/>**
> - Using ArcMap to create a map
> - Create custom app templates
> - Build 3D apps
> - Create HTML/Javascript apps
    
**Q38 What acronym best describes Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - WYSIWYG
> - BYOB
> - TGIF
> - OMGTHIS
    
**Q39 What are some form of that deal with analyzing patterns?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Interpolation
> - Outliers
> - Hotspots
    
**Q40 Which of the following is not a part of the Web AppBuilder application?<br/>**
> - Arc toolbox from ArcMap
> - Widget
> - Panel
> - Theme
    
**Q41 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What part of the web builder are little chunks of functionality that are tied into an interactive view?</span><br/>**
> - Widget
> - panel
> - theme
> - field
    
**Q42 What does HTML stand for?<br/>**
> - Hyper Text Markup Language
> - HypoText Magnified Language
> - Hyper Text Magnified Language
> - Holistic Text Markup Language
    
**Q43 Managing data consists of which of the following?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Extract
> - Overlay
> - Dissolve
    
**Q44 What is a widget?<br/>**
> - An ESRI term used to describe an interactive button on a map.
> - An electronic gear needed to run a program.
> - A tool in Javascript
> - A web map
    
**Q45 Which of the following is not an option for a Web AppBuilder application?<br/>**
> - Data Transfer
> - Widget
> - Panel
> - Theme
    
**Q46 What is a Widget?<br/>**
> - Little chunks of functionality that are tied into an interactive view
> - An ewok
> - Define how the UI of the application looks
> - A fancy way of saying a panel
    
**Q47 What is tasked with showing widgets for you?<br/>**
> - Panel
> - Mouse
> - Theme
> - Search Bar
    
**Q48 What does the acronym 'BI' stand for?<br/>**
> - Business Intellegence
> - Business Incentive
> - Border Intellegence
> - Border Incentive
    
**Q49 Are scenes in ArcGIS online 2D or 3D?<br/>**
> - Both
> - 2D
> - 3D
> - None of them
    
**Q50 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is data enrichment</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Apply data to location
> - Spending money on data
> - Data making you money
> - data that spends all of your money
    
**Q51 What is the purpose for Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - To build edit and create web apps
> - To store data
> - To write essays
> - To write Javascript
    
**Q52 What is the app that esri makes for collecting data<br/>**
> - Collector for ArcGIS
> - Data find
> - Esri find
> - Esri collect
    
**Q53 What number is the aggie maroon color?<br/>**
> - 50
> - 000
> - 010
> - 000
    
# Medium
**Q1 Why people try to build their map App on the ArcGIS online Platform?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS developer tools are scalable and reliable and provide full integration with the ArcGIS platform.
    
**Q2 <span style=color: rgb(000);><span style=font-size: small;>Which field </span>app allows you<span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> to sync with other apps to get assignments navigate to them and collect data in one workflow on one mobile device?</span></span></span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: small;>The field </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>app allows you</span><span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> to sync with other apps to get assignments navigate to them and collect data in one workflow on one mobile device is the Workforce app for ArcGIS. </span></span>
    
**Q3 <p style=text-indent: -0.25in;>1.<span style=font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;font-stretch: normal;font-size: 7.0pt;line-height: normal;font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;>       </span>What is currently one disadvantage for ArcGIS Online?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - One main disadvantage for ArcGIS Online versus ArcMap or ArcGIS Pro is it is limited in the analysis that can be performed with it.
    
**Q4 What does WYSIWYG stand for and how is it different from writing CSS?<br/>**
> - What you see is what you get. When writing CSS code is used to determine style and position of elements while with Web AppBuilder it takes care of the back end letting you drag elements around and control their functionality exactly like it would appear for the user.
    
**Q5 List two disadvantages of using Esri's Web AppBuilder.<br/>**
> - <p style=>You are limited to ESRI products and ecosystem and <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>limited visualization.</span></p>  <br>
    
**Q6 List at least one advantage of the Web AppBuilder application. <br/>**
> - 1.) Ease of use; it is simple to get setup and use</p>  <p>2.) Quality looking product created in no time at all</p>  <p>3.) Product easily works across different platforms such as desktops and smart devices</p>  <p>4.) Vast array of different plug-able widgets 
    
**Q7 what is the core language of all websites<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Hyper Text Markup Language or HTML. </span>
    
**Q8 How does an esri web app differ from an app on your phone?<br/>**
> - An esri web app is not something you download from iTunes it is a link to a mobile website with map functionality
    
**Q9 Why is web app builder for ArcGIS is a good choice. List some features for the web appbuilder for arcgis<br/>**
> - It is an intuitive application and it lets you develop and build apps very easily. It also includes powerful tools that lets you configure HTML apps. It builds 3D apps and creates custom app templates. It has an extensive framework that lets developers build their widgets and themes. It is intergrated with ArcGIS online and ArcGIS Enterprise. It creates javascript and HTML apps that can be accessed on any device. Lets you create apps by accessing workflow tabs like theme widget and panel. 
    
**Q10 How could a university utilize Workforce for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Workforce could be used for general maintenance of assets. The database would allow an employee to find a particular asset and keep an organized record for it. 
    
**Q11 Why do Javascript programmers pride themselves in compact code?<br/>**
> - Javascript code must be transferred to any device accessing the page including mobile phones. This allows the code to be transferred much faster.
    
**Q12 What does ESRI mean by &quot;Apps for the field&quot; and why are they useful.<br/>**
> - Apps for the field are applications specially designed to work on any platform from desktops to tablets and even phones. These allow users to track assets create operational dashboards collect data and imager and navigate routes all from a cell phone.
    
**Q13 How does a webapp differ from a normal app? (i.e. gmail)<br/>**
> - We will most likely be using the data in esri to create a web app on your phone showing a webpage we will not necessarily be programming a new app (liek gmail) that is easy to use with a nice user interface our apps will be restricted and not as user friendly. <span style=color: rgb(343434);font-family: Roboto  arial  sans-serif;font-size: xx-large;><span style=background-color: rgb(255255255);><br></span></span>
    
**Q14 Which apps for the office would a company use to create and display 2D and 3D maps? <br/>**
> - ArcGIS Pro and ArcGIS Earth
    
**Q15 What does a widget do?<br/>**
> - It is a button on the app that does a specific task (ex: zoom) and can be created to do any task you want.
    
**Q16 The ArcGIS Web AppBuilder is considered a what-you-see-is-what-you-get application for creating webapps. What does this mean and what are some pros and cons?<br/>**
> - WYSIWYG means that you build an app by arranging the panels widgets and data how you want them to appear on screen for the user. It is very intuitive for anyone without programming experience since the application takes care of all coding on its own. This also guarantees some level of operability for your web apps since all of the major functions have been developed and checked for problems by ESRI. All of this also means that you have less control of what you can modify so this might be a hindrance for anyone with a solid coding background. You also are not able to use any material from outside of the ESRI domain.
    
**Q17 Does ArcGIS Collector have the exact same functions as the desktop version?<br/>**
> - No
    
**Q18 List the features of the summarize data perform analysis.<br/>**
> - Aggregation Joins Summarize nearby/within
    
**Q19 What are the 3 parts to a Web AppBuilding application?<br/>**
> - Widget panel and theme
    
**Q20 what are apps for the field <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Apps for the field provide focused workflows and tools for your day-to-day tasks.</span>
    
**Q21 Explain the <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>parts of a<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>WebApp</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Builder<span class=Apple-converted-space> .</span></span><br/>**
> - Widget - part that allows users to perform a task.</p>  <p>Panel- group of widgets. Part that defines how widgets are organized and/ or shown on the app</p>  <p>Theme - defines how the UI of the application look.<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><br></span>
    
**Q22 What is the viewshed?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(343434);font-family: Roboto  arial  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A </span><b style=color: rgb(343434);font-family: Roboto  arial  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>viewshed</b><span style=color: rgb(343434);font-family: Roboto  arial  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> is the geographical area that is visible from a location. It includes all surrounding points that are in line-of-sight with that location and excludes points that are beyond the horizon or obstructed by terrain and other features (e.g. buildings trees).</span>
    
**Q23 What is data enrichment and what is a benefit or a downside?<br/>**
> - From Esri products  it means asscociating data from Esri instead of your own data or join however a downside is it has high cost and will burn through organization credits quickly.
    
**Q24 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is the definition of web mapping?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A web map is<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>&quot;an interactive display of geographic information that you can use to tell stories and answer questions.</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>-ArcGIS</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q25 what are some workflow tabs? list three<br/>**
> - theme map widget/attribute. 
    
**Q26 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q27 List a few different components of a Web AppBuilder.<br/>**
> - The 3 primary components of a Web AppBuilder include the widget the panel and the theme. A widget is a functionality tied to a specific interactive view. A panel allows the user to scale a widget independent of other features. The theme affects how the widget displays information including color and font. 
    
**Q28 What types of analysis can be done in ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - • Summarize Data</p>  <p>•Find Locations</p>  <p>•Analyze Projects</p>  <p>• Manage Data
    
**Q29 What is WYSIWYG and how does it apply to Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - WYSIWYG stands for what you see is what you get. It means that as you develop the app what you see is exactly what the people using the app will see. For Web AppBuilder this makes the process of developing a web app easier while still providing powerful tools to create quality work.
    
**Q30 Describe the advantages and disadvantages of using a web app builder.<br/>**
> - One advantage of using an online web app builder is the ease of use. You are able to search for the layers you want and find avaliable widgets without needing to create your own. Additionally the web app created online is already ready for desktop and phone use. The disadvantages of this are the fact that you are only limited to Esri products when using the Esri web app builder. Also you don't really learn the back workings of how to make a web app since Esri does it all for you. You are also not able to create your own widget.
    
**Q31 What is a panel?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Panels are tasked with showing widgets for you; they allow you to scale widgets independently of the widget itself. Multiple widgets can be inside of a single panel.</span>
    
**Q32 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>List the 3 parts of a Web AppBuilder application and explain some of the characteristics/functionalities of them.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>The three parts of a Web AppBuilder application are widgets panels and themes.  Widgets are functionalities tied to an interactive view such as zoom buttons.  Panels show widgets and allow widgets to be scaled independently of the widget itself.  Themes define how the UI of an application looks such as how the widget displays via theme panels the color scheme and fonts and where widgets are located on the viewers UI.</p>  <br>
    
**Q33 What is the difference between the online ESRI app builder and the downloadable desktop version?<br/>**
> - The downloadable version is more versatile in that you can actually program code into it. 
    
**Q34 List 3 apps that are made to use for working in the field to help with day to day tasks.<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>Collector for ArcGIS   <li>Navigator for ArcGIS   <li>Operations Dashboard for ArcGIS   <li>Explorer for ArcGIS   <li>Workforce for ArcGIS   <li>Survey123 for ArcGIS  </ul>
    
**Q35 What is a benefit of having a cloud?<br/>**
> - If you use the cloud your information and files are always backed up and always accessable.
    
**Q36 How many web apps are in exsistence?<br/>**
> - If there is an industry Esri is making a web app for it. 
    
**Q37 What is a benefit of using Web AppBulider?<br/>**
> - The biggest benefit is that it is a easy and self explanatory. It is not hard to understand if you understand web app building. 
    
**Q38 What features make web app builder for ArcGIS so useful?  <br><br/>**
> - The ability to create HTML JavaScript apps that work on a variety of mediums the integration compatibility with ArcGIS Online an ArcGIS Enterprise platforms ability to add widgets the opportunity with custom app templates  and build in 3D apps.  <br>
    
**Q39 What is an example of an app for the field in which was the topic of our lab assignment?<br/>**
> - Collector for ArcGIS
    
**Q40 What makes Arc GIS Pro more useful than Arc GIS online?<br/>**
> - Can do a lot more stuff in Arc GIS Pro
    
**Q41 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What are different perform analysis and which analysis can calculate travel direction and walking direction and which one is best to use for expensive analysis like the business?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Perform analysis includes; summarize data find locations data enrichment analyze patterns use proximity and manage data. Find locations analysis calculated travel and walking directions. the data enrichments analysis uses for business and expensive analysis.</span>
    
**Q42 What is an HTML element?<br/>**
> - It is the simple HTML object comprised of a start tag end tag and content.<span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span><span style=font-size: 13.0px;></span>
    
**Q43 In what way is Workforce for ArcGIS different from Collector for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Workforce for ArcGIS is mostly the same as Collector for ArcGIS but allows the main user of the app to keep track of the delegated users and the progress they have made.
    
**Q44 What is Collector for ArcGIS used for?<br/>**
> - It is an app created by ESRI used for people that need to inspect things like fire hydrants. 
    
**Q45 What are widgets and what can you do with them?<br/>**
> - Widgets are little chunks of functionality that are tied into an interactive view. You could use them to zoom in and out with a button created by a widget. 
    
**Q46 List four features given by AppBuilder for ArcGIS.<br/>**
> - Can create custom app templates make <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>widgets and themes Create apps by accessing workflow tabs and (of course) create HTML/Javascript apps. </span></p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span>
    
**Q47 What are some advantages for a Web AppBuilder application?<br/>**
> - Easy to setup and use.</p>  <p>Looks really good and doesn't require days for the quality of content.</p>  <p>Works across multiple platforms such as mobile and desktop.</p>  <p>Lots of widgets and that accessible and compatible.  <br>
    
**Q48 Give an example of a Widget.<br/>**
> - An example of a widget would be a zoom widget that has a button for zooming in and a button for zooming out.
    
**Q49 What can you do when you are performing an analysis in ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - Summarize data - Aggregation Joins Summarize nearby/within</p>  <p>Find Locations - Select by attribute/location Viewshed Routing Centroids</p>  <p>Data enrichment - Apply data to location</p>  <p>Analyze patterns - Density Hotspots Outliers Interpolation</p>  <p>Use proximity - Buffers Drive-times Nearest Routing</p>  <p>Manage data - Extract Overlay Dissolve
    
**Q50 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Can arcGIS online perform analysis? What kinds?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Yes it can summarize data find locations enrich data analyze patterns use proximity and manage data. This is very similar to Arcmap.</p>  <br>
    
**Q51 What do you build a widget with and why are widgets important?<br/>**
> - You build a widget with Javascript and its important because its the basis of the Web AppBuilder application. <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><br></span>
    
**Q52 Are story maps easy to use and why<br/>**
> - Yes they are easy and it is becauses they have templates for you to use
    
**Q53 What is data enrichment as stated in class?<br/>**
> - expensive things to do in ArcGIS Online
    
# Hard
**Q1 What advantage of sass than css?<br/>**
> - 1. completely compatible with all versions of CSS.</p>  <p>2. the industry is choosing Sass as the premier CSS extension language.</p>  <p>3. Sass boasts more features and abilities than any other CSS extension language out there.
    
**Q2 What is the difference between 'apps for the field' and 'apps for the office' inside of ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - Apps for the field deal more with the in-situ data collection where you can also delegate people to accomplish certain tasks where apps for the office deal more with the analysis of the data that was collected in the field. 
    
**Q3 <p style=margin: 0.0px 0.0px 1.0em;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: small;color: rgb(000);letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What are some of the advantages for using Web App Builder versus using the online version of it?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - The Web App Builder allows you to custom code a lot more than the online version which allows you to fully make the app you want instead of following a template.  <br>
    
**Q4 Design a widget for your project.<br/>**
> - Answers will vary based on project but these widgets will be little chunks of functionality. Javascript will not be needed only a higher level description.
    
**Q5 What is the relationship between widgets and panels and why are they important?<br/>**
> - Widgets are tools that allow the user to interact with the webpage and panels display the widgets. They are important because they allow the user to interact with the webpage and easily find the possible interactions and tools they could use. 
    
**Q6 What is one disadvantage of the Web AppBuilder application? <br/>**
> - 1.) Limited to ESRI products and ecosystem </p>  <p>2.) Limited visualization</p>  <p>3.) You dont learn anything 
    
**Q7 Explain the benefits of using javascript. Bonus question. what videogame was written in javascript?<br/>**
> - Javascript is a front-end scripting language that allows us to manipulate different elements depending on different outcomes such as uploading a file or even start a download after a user hits a button. In other words it works as the brain of a website.</p>  <p>bonus question answer: Minecraft
    
**Q8 When should you use ArcMap vs ArcGIS Online?<br/>**
> - ArcMap is good for total functionality but is more complex.  ArcGIS Online has fewer features but has a more streamlined user interface.
    
**Q9 List some advanatages and disadvantages of the parts of the web Appbuilder application  <br><br/>**
> - Advantages:</p>  <p>-Easy to use and setup. </p>  <p>- Vast array of widgets</p>  <p>- Product is compatible on many devices. </p>  <p>- Creating a good looking product is no time</p>  <br>  <p>Disadvantages:</p>  <p>- buildings and information is limited to Esri products</p>  <p>- You have limited visualization and no access to D3</p>  <p>- you dont' learn much form building this app  <br>
    
**Q10 Why might some one need to use the desktop version of Esrie's Web App Builder ?<br/>**
> - The online version of the App Builder does not allow for the user to enter code. If a user wanted to make a more complex app that requires code they would need the desktop version. 
    
**Q11 How does html integrate javascript?<br/>**
> - Using the script tag javascript files can be incorporated into html documents. This allows javascript to interact with page elements in html
    
**Q12 Explain the interactions between a Panel and a Widget on a web application.<br/>**
> - Panels show widgets and allow you to scale widgets independently of the widget itself. Multiple widgets can be housed in a panel.
    
**Q13 what are some advantages of using web apps integrated with specific widgets for specific users? <br/>**
> - advantages:</p>  <p>-ease of use</p>  <p>-quality looking product created</p>  <p>-product easily works accross platforms</p>  <p>-
    
**Q14 How does ArcGIS online benefit companies? <br/>**
> - ArcGIS online provides many apps that allow companies to analyze data at more angles to make smarter decisions. 
    
**Q15 Create one unique widget<br/>**
> - a widget that tells you all the bars that are currently in happy hour within a certain radius
    
**Q16 The Overview Map widget shows the current spatial extent of the display as a grey rectangle relative to the entire extent of the basemap. Provide an example of when this would be useful and when you might want to leave it out.<br/>**
> - The overview map would come in handy if you were working with a map that covers the entire country or state. When a user zooms in to look at a small area of the map it would be useful to have a quick reference of where you are in the state or country. This would not be very useful if your data all lies within one small area like a town or building complex since the user wont be exploring anything outside of that extent.
    
**Q17 How might ArcGIS Online benefit a student?<br/>**
> - Becuase the student could complete projects and share them instantly with colleagues and instructors and even collaborate with them. 
    
**Q18 What is the advantage of using Web AppBuilder?<br/>**
> - <p style=>Ease of use; Web AppBuilder is simple to get setup and use</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Quality looking product created in no time at all</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Product easily works across different platforms such as desktops and smart devices</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Vast array of different plug-able widgets</p>  <br>
    
**Q19 Explain what the 3 parts are to a Web AppBuilder application.<br/>**
> - Widgets are little chunks of functionality that are tied to an interactive view. Panels allow you to scale widgets independently of the widget itself. A theme allows you to define how the UI of the application will look. 
    
**Q20 why would you need to make a widget <br/>**
> - in order to make a custom button that is tied into your interactive web app <span style=color: rgb(364146);><span style=font-size: 16.0px;background-color: rgb(255255255);><br></span></span>
    
**Q21 What are the advantages  of a WebApp Builder?<br/>**
> - They are easy to use work across different platforms such as desktops and smart devices and they allow the fast creation of quality products  </p>  <p style=>
    
**Q22 True or False  widgets help users more easily use a web app or interface?<br/>**
> - TRUE
    
**Q23 What is Esri's goal for its future products?<br/>**
> - Their goal is to completely move from desktop apps such as ArcMap to online exlcusivity with ArcGIS Online and cloud storage. This can cut down costs on their end and make collaboration between users easier.
    
**Q24 What is the process of creating a web map?<br/>**
> - The first step is to choose a basemap. After choosing the most appropriate basemap you will add layers. You can then change the style of the map. You then have the option to add pop-ups to the map in order to enhance the map. The final step is to save and publish/share the map. 
    
**Q25 list two advantages and two disadvantages of using the Web AppBuilder<br/>**
> - advantages-easy to use can work across multiple platforms. </p>  <p>disadvantages-limited to only ESRI products and you dont learn anything because its done for you.
    
**Q26 Unanswered<br/>**
> - Unanswered
    
**Q27 List some disadvantages of using Web AppBuilder.<br/>**
> - The main disadvantage of Web AppBuilder is its limited visualization. Another is that it is limited to only ESRI Products. 
    
**Q28 What does WYSIWYG mean in ESRI Web AppBuilder?  <br><br/>**
> - What you see if what you get!
    
**Q29 Describe a benefit and a detriment of the number of products Esri has available.<br/>**
> - Esri has multiple apps and products for various industries. This allows various industries to come to Esri and have multiple options that can work in a general setting as well as more specialized applications specific to a certain industry. That being said the sheer number of applications and software Esri produces means that not all will be top quality. While Esri products are generally of high quality that does not exclude them from the possibility of bugs user interface problems and the fact that such a large number of products can be confusing as to which product is the best to use given a certain situation.
    
**Q30 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q31 What is considered the best panel/widget?<br/>**
> - The best is when it is pretty self-explanatory for the user to use or figure out how to use.
    
**Q32 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What are some disadvantages to using Web AppBuilder and why?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Disadvantages include limitation to Esri products and ecosystem limited visualization and the lack of need to learn anything.  Limitation to Esri products and ecosystem can be a disadvantage because Esri's software may not have all of the tools needed to complete an analysis limited visualization can be a disadvantage because the best way to represent a phenomenon may not be available and not needing to learn anything such as programming can be a disadvantage because it can limit what you can do in terms of analysis or visualization if a functionality you need it not available.</p>  <br>
    
**Q33 Of the two versions of ESRI web app builder which would be better for a person attempting to create a widget for it?<br/>**
> - The downloadable version would be better for widget creation due to it being more versatile in the programming aspect. 
    
**Q34 What are the advantages and disadvantages for the Web AppBuilder?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: medium;>Advantages</span></p>  <ul>   <li>Ease of use; Web AppBuilder is simple to get setup and use   <li>Quality looking product created rather quickly   <li>Product easily works across different platforms such as desktops and smart devices   <li>Variety of different plug-able widgets  </ul>  <p><span style=font-size: medium;>Disadvantages</span>  <ul>   <li>Limited to ESRI products and ecosystem   <li>Limited visualization (no D3.js)   <li>You don't learn anything.   </ul>  <br>
    
**Q35 What is the difference in map and map app?<br/>**
> - The difference in map and map app is that users can change the map and app if you don't want people to change it make it a map. 
    
**Q36 What is a practical use of a web app. Why would you want it over a Web map?<br/>**
> - It lets you send a link for people to see your map. It is better than a web map because people who have the link cannot edit the information only view the data there. 
    
**Q37 What is the first step to download Web App builder?<br/>**
> - Extracting the downloaded .zip 
    
**Q38 What are the advantages and disadvantages of using Web AppBuilder? Given these when should you use Web builder  <br><br/>**
> - Advantages: easy to use and setup quality looking product easily works across different platforms and uses an array of plug- able widgets</p>  <p>Disadvantages: Limited to the ESRI ecosystem no D3.js files and you did not really learn anything just copied and pasted.</p>  <p>Given the advantages and disadvantages it is clear that the most opportune situations are for menial tasks- to easily and quickly build something that would be easy to share. This would be best for PowerPoint presentations or community activities For work that depends on a more rigorous analysis and complex workflow this would fall short in outputting more robust information.  <br>
    
**Q39 What is the difference between apps for the office and apps for the field?<br/>**
> - Apps for the field provide focused workflows and tools for your day-to-day tasks. These apps run everywhere-on desktops the web smartphones etc. While apps for the office can analyze data from more angles including location to make smarter decisions. They view analyze create and share maps and location information.
    
**Q40 What is a Panel?<br/>**
> - A group of widgets
    
**Q41 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is good about doing desktop installed web app builder and what is disadvantages?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Easy to use drag and drop where you want it selected what you want in the map and what you don’t the sensor can be built in desktop and use for online too have the market place for widgets and quality looking product created in no time at all. Disadvantages; limited to Esri products and ecosystem visualization and learn nothing new.   </span>
    
**Q42 Why is CSS important for a website and web design?<br/>**
> - It controls the user friendliness of the website and it's aesthetics. Without it the website would be bland and confusing.
    
**Q43 How are panels and widgets connected?<br/>**
> - Panels show the available widgets as well as scale them
    
**Q44 Can you use Javascript to create widgets?<br/>**
> - Yes. ESRI has downloadable widgets for buttons people have created already but you can write a Javascript code for a new button if what you are looking for is not available.
    
**Q45 Why should we use an Web AppBuilder application?<br/>**
> - The ease of use is a big factor because it is simple to setup and use. Along with how easily works across different platforms such as desktops and smart devices with vast array of different plug-able widgets. 
    
**Q46 Why would you use Workforce instead of ArcCollector as an employeer?<br/>**
> - Because Workforce can track an employee going to points along a route while ArcCollector does not thus limiting the usefulness of ArcCollector.
    
**Q47 Defnie Widgets and what they are used for.<br/>**
> - Widgets are essentially tools used in maps for any sort of functionality. An example is a zoom button on a map or a rotate button.
    
**Q48 What are some advantages and disadvantages of using Web App Builder?<br/>**
> - Web App Builder is simple and quick to use and has a vast array of different plug-able widgets but it is limited to ESRI products and has limited visualization.
    
**Q49 What is the difference between apps for the field compare to apps for the office?<br/>**
> - Apps for the field is for collecting data and imagery for day to day tasks</p>  <p>Apps for the office create and share maps and local information
    
**Q50 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is a web app and what is its use?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>A web app in the context of GIS combines text with spatial data. This can be used to display important information on a map such as phone numbers addresses and pictures. They can also be used for navigation and tourism.</p>  <br>
    
**Q51 Why and why would you not use Web AppBuilder?<br/>**
> - An advantage to using Web AppBuilder is that it's extremely easy and quick to use along with being customizable. A disadvantage is that its limited to ESRI products and its difficult to learn much from. 
    
**Q52 Why use Web AppBuilder<br/>**
> -  You are able to create more customized  apps tailored to your needs
    
**Q53 What does ESRI want to do with ArcGIS online and ArcGIS desktop? Explain.<br/>**
> - ESRI wants to switch to ArcGIS Online full time eventually which is why ArcGIS Online is growing with its perform analysis
