TODO: Separate CSS from usability

# Easy
**Q1 What is the ADA Law<br/>**
> - Americans with Disabilities Act
> - Acts of dont Agents
> - Americans of dont Agents
> - Acts of Disabilities Americans
    
**Q2 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Which of the following layouts is designed for vertically positioned elements?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - Block
> - Inline
> - Table
> - Positioned
    
**Q3 When making a web site do you need to make it ADA compliant ?<br/>**
> - Yes
> - No.
> - Only when I feel like it.
> - I got plenty of money I'm good.
    
**Q4 What is CSS?<br/>**
> - a way of styling html
> - it is the basic language of a websit
> - the same as html
> - used for making youtube videos
    
**Q5 How many clicks (click depth) should a user need to use to access almost everything on a website?<br/>**
> - 3
> - 1
> - 2
> - 4
    
**Q6 What does DOM stand for?<br/>**
> - Document Object Model
> - Document Obstruction Manual
> - Damaged On Monday
> - Document Only Manual
    
**Q7 What is NOT a function of Java Script code?<br/>**
> - Needle
> - String
> - Array
> - Object
    
**Q8 What are a few user abilities to consider for webpage design?<br/>**
> - All of the above/below
> - Contrast in color schemes in consideration of visual impairment
> - Tab traps for keyboard users
> - Unclear links that do not describe their function
    
**Q9 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which of the following is not a type of CSS positioning?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Variable
> - Static
> - Relative
> - Absolute
    
**Q10 What is a essential aspect to CSS?<br/>**
> - Inheritance
> - Family Traits
> - Subleasing
> - Factoring
    
**Q11 <br>  <p class=p1>What is a name for red/green color blindness?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Deuteranomaly
> - tritanopia
> - neptunopia
> - ezekiopia
    
**Q12 All html models are considered to be?<br/>**
> - boxes
> - models
> - squares
> - circles
    
**Q13 What does CSS stand for?<br/>**
> - Cascading Style Sheets
> - Constipated Shrimp Shepard
> - Cancun Steak n Shake
> - Computer Sheet Style
    
**Q14 Which of the following is NOT part of the box model?  <br><br/>**
> - Base
> - Margin
> - Padding
> - Border
    
**Q15 Initialize a paragraph in CSS<br/>**
> - p {}
> - div{}
> - #subtitles{}
> - P.center{}
    
**Q16 What does a box model consist of?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Margin
> - Padding
> - Content
    
**Q17 What does ADA stand for?<br/>**
> - Americans with Disabilities Act
> - Amsterdam Dam Administration
> - Armed Deer Association
> - Art Description Anonymous
    
**Q18 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Which position is characterized as the element being positioned relative to the viewport which means it always stays in the same place even if the page is scrolled.</span><br/>**
> - Fixed
> - Relative
> - Absolute
> - Static
    
**Q19 <span style=font-size: small;>Which of the following u<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>tilized by people with visual impairments users use their fingers or cursors to hover over elements and the device/software dictates the content as they do so.</span></span><br/>**
> - Screen readers
> - Screen magnifiers
> - Limited navigation hardware
> - Learnability
    
**Q20 What does CSS stand for?<br/>**
> - Cascading Style Sheets
> - Cascading Style Systems
> - Cascading System Styles
> - Cascading Sheets Style
    
**Q21 what is an element of usability? <br/>**
> - all of the above
> - learnibility
> - memerability
> - Efficiency
    
**Q22 What are the three core principles of CSS?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - parent-child inheritance
> - positioning
> - box model
    
**Q23 Which of the following is NOT a core principle of CSS<br/>**
> - Encapsulation
> - Parent-child inheritance
> - Positioning
> - Box model
    
**Q24 Any kind of image whether static or animated should have a _____tag describing its function.<br/>**
> - alt
> - short
> - hyper
> - static
    
**Q25 Which of the following is <strong>NOT</strong> part of the CSS Box Model?<br/>**
> - Interface
> - Margin
> - Border
> - Content
    
**Q26 Which of the following is a typical unit of measure for padding?<br/>**
> - pixel
> - inch
> - millimeter
> - All of these
    
**Q27 What are in the Box Models?<br/>**
> - All of the answer choices
> - Margin
> - Border
> - Content
    
**Q28 What are the three main parts of a webpage?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - HTML
> - CSS
> - JavaScript
    
**Q29 Which of the following is not included in the box model? <br/>**
> - contact
> - margin
> - border
> - padding
    
**Q30 Which of the following is the highest cascading order? <br/>**
> - Inline Style
> - External Sheets
> - Internal Sheets
> - Browser Default
    
**Q31 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>CSS syntax comprised of two parts what are those? </span><br/>**
> - The selector and the declaration
> - The selector and the element
> - The declaration and the element
> - The element and ids
    
**Q32 Does CSS have opening and closing tags? <br/>**
> - No
> - Yes
> - Maybe
> - I don’t know
    
**Q33 Which of these items is not part of a CSS box<br/>**
> - Body
> - Padding
> - Content
> - Margin
    
**Q34 What does DOM stand for?<br/>**
> - Document Object Model
> - Derivative Object Model
> - Derivative Object Method
> - Document Object Method
    
**Q35 Each element in the DOM has what kind of model for its own?<br/>**
> - Box Model
> - Triangle Model
> - Obtuse Model
> - Acute Model
    
**Q36 The box model consists of all but<br/>**
> - html
> - content
> - padding
> - border
    
**Q37 What is the term for this definition? &quot;<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Utilized by people with visual impairments. Users use their fingers or cursors to hover over elements and the device/software dictates the content as they do so&quot;</span><br/>**
> - screen readers
> - screen magnifiers
> - limited navigation hardware
> - keyboard
    
**Q38 The ____________ property specifies what happens if content overflows an element's box. <br/>**
> - overflow
> - overfill
> - underneath
> - scroll
    
**Q39 Which of the following is a default positioning property?<br/>**
> - Static
> - Relative
> - Fixed
> - Absolute
    
**Q40 From inside going out what is the order of the box model for a CSS element?<br/>**
> - Content
> - Padding
> - Border
> - Margin
    
**Q41 Once HTML passes through the browser what is it then referenced as?<br/>**
> - DOM (Document Object Model)
> - HTML
> - PYTHON
> - CSS
    
**Q42 Which of the following is not a usability component?<br/>**
> - Navigation
> - Efficiency
> - Learnability
> - Satisfaction
    
**Q43 What does DOM stand for?<br/>**
> - Document Object Model
> - Development Object Model
> - Document Object Make
> - Development Object Make
    
**Q44 Which of these is not a type of CSS positioning?<br/>**
> - Pinned
> - Absolute
> - Static
> - Relative
    
**Q45 Which two principles does element position in CSS rely on?<br/>**
> - Inheritance and the box model
> - Padding and border
> - Inheritance and padding
> - Border and the box model
    
**Q46 What is the ultimate goal of usability?<br/>**
> - to get the information users expect as efficiently as possible
> - to make the page look as pretty as possible
> - to keep the webpage from crashing when there's a large flux of users
> - to minimize the usage by limiting the number of interactions made available.
    
**Q47 What is padding in CSS?<br/>**
> - Calculated height and width of an element
> - Foam
> - Spacing
> - Margins
    
**Q48 Which of the following is NOT correct CSS syntax?<br/>**
> - ( background-color)
> - div { background-color: blue; }
> - #subtitles { color: lightgrey; }
> - .userName { text-align: left; }
    
**Q49 Which is not a core principle of CSS?<br/>**
> - Flexbox
> - Parent-Child Inheritance
> - Positioning
> - Box Model
    
**Q50 What does CSS stand for? <br/>**
> - Cascading Style Sheet
> - Circle Software Set
> - Create Sound Sync
> - None of the above
    
**Q51 Which of these is most commonly found in mobile applications and response designs?<br/>**
> - Hamburger Button Style
> - Menu Bar
> - Side Drawer
> - None of the Above
    
**Q52 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;></span>Any kind of image whether static (.jpg .png) or animated (.gif) should have____tags describing the function.<br/>**
> - alt
> - longdesc
> - @media
> - image
    
# Medium
**Q1 Why should you use a &quot;CLICK ME&quot; button?<br/>**
> - Because it does not describe what the button is going to do as well as not help a person with a disability to find out what the purpose of the button dose. 
    
**Q2 How does using flexbox enable for simple and complex creation of web layouts?<br/>**
> - With parent-child inheritance positioning and the box model are the three core principles flexbox allows for developing simple and complex layouts. 
    
**Q3 Name 3 units that can be used to defined size of Text  Padding and Margins.<br/>**
> - <ul style=margin-left: 0.375in;direction: ltr;unicode-bidi: embed;margin-top: 0.0in;margin-bottom: 0.0in;>   <li style=margin-top: 0;margin-bottom: 0;vertical-align: middle;><span style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>px (pixels)</span>   <li style=margin-top: 0;margin-bottom: 0;vertical-align: middle;><span style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>pt (points)</span>   <li style=margin-top: 0;margin-bottom: 0;vertical-align: middle;><span style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>cm (centimeters)</span>   <li style=margin-top: 0;margin-bottom: 0;vertical-align: middle;><span style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>em (relative to the font-size of the element)</span>   <li style=margin-top: 0;margin-bottom: 0;vertical-align: middle;><span style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;font-size: 12.0pt;>rem (relative to the font-size of the root element)</span>  </ul>  <br>
    
**Q4 Why is CSS important?<br/>**
> - It gives you the ability to style your html website in an easier fashion.
    
**Q5 List 4 features of the CSS Box Model.<br/>**
> - Content Padding Border and the Margin.
    
**Q6 What is the benefit of flexbox?<br/>**
> - Gives you full control of the children elements by allowing you to change the space distribution alignment and order on the fly.
    
**Q7 What is a variable in Java Script?<br/>**
> - A named container that is used to store a values.  <br>
    
**Q8 Discuss why webpage design is important from an average user's perspective.<br/>**
> - Users exhibit what is called &quot;Learnability&quot; which is how fast they can learn the page on their first visit. Efficiency or how fast they can familiarize with your page is important to allowing users the ability to access the functions of the website properly. Errors measure how many attempts users take to use the website. These elements are important for attracting the user back to the website in the future or staying on the website for a long period of time.  
    
**Q9 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>List three special technologies people with disabilities rely on to use websites and explain their functions and who utilizes them.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Three special technologies are screen readers screen magnifiers and limited navigation hardware.  Screen readers are used by people with visual impairments and allow users to use their fingers or cursors to hover over elements so the device/software can dictate the content as they do so.  Screen magnifiers are also used by people with visual impairments and allow users to blow-up specific areas on the screen to allow them to more easily read small text.  Finally limited navigation hardware is used by people with poor or limited limb mobility that prohibits a wide range of movement so that they can navigate with a single navigation device (mouse or keyboard).</p>  <br>
    
**Q10 What are the four layers to the box model? Explain each layer.<br/>**
> - <p style=>Content: User-defined content such as text and images</p>  <p style=>Padding: A buffer around the main content that is used to add height or width to elements.</p>  <p style=>Border: The boundary region that binds the content and the padding.</p>  <p style=>Margin: A buffer around the entire element (content + padding + border) which is used to create separation between or around other elements. .</p>  <br>
    
**Q11 <br>  <p class=li1>The flexbox layout can flexibly move elements to maximize space efficiency and resizes items and aligns vertically however what is the problem with the flexbox layout?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <br>  <p class=p1>They lack flexibility to support large or complex applications.</p>  <br>
    
**Q12 Whats the purpose of using badding?<br/>**
> - it creates space between elements
    
**Q13 What is the benefits of using a class designator to edit style in your HTML document?<br/>**
> - Using a CSS class designator allows you to make changes in one single spot and have it affect all of the elements designated. This means you dont have to travel through the code and change everything on each line.
    
**Q14 Describe ways to design your webpage to accessible for those who have disabilities.  <br><br/>**
> - Use colors that do not get mixed up for those with color blindness. Label pictures with descriptive tags and use descriptive button names for screen readers for people who are visually impaired.  <br>
    
**Q15 Why is CSS useful?<br/>**
> - It makes websites look presentable.
    
**Q16 Explain the different types of positioning<br/>**
> - Static: The deafult positioning and it relies on margins and padding</p>  <p>Relative: It is placed according to the padding</p>  <p>Absolute: Placed absolutely relative according the the padding and the margin</p>  <p>Element: It is position relative to the view point</p>  <p>Fixed: Element will have whatever positioning the direct parent has
    
**Q17 What is the ADA for?<br/>**
> - It prevents people or groups from discriminating against disabled persons for public services.
    
**Q18 What are the 4 components of the CSS Box Model and explain what they do.<br/>**
> - <p style=>The 4 components of the CSS Box Model are the Content Padding Border and Margin. The content of the box where text and images appear. Padding clears an area around the content thus the padding is transparent. A border that goes around the padding and  content.The Margin clears an area outside the border and is transparent. The box model allows us to add a border around elements and to define space between elements.</p>  <br>
    
**Q19 List the five components of usability<br/>**
> - Learnability Efficiency Memorability Errors and  Satisfaction
    
**Q20 Which will you focus more your HTML or CSS code if you want to adjust your web app from desktop to mobile browsers?<br/>**
> - CSS
    
**Q21 what is one of the most important parts of a website? <br/>**
> - Navigation 
    
**Q22 What is the difference between the border and the margin?<br/>**
> - Border is the boundary region that binds the content and the padding. Margin is a buffer around the entire element (content + padding + border).
    
**Q23 What is the major limitation of the parent-child relationship within CSS?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>CSS can only reference and target from the parent to its direct siblings or any of its resulting children relationships. Another way of looking it is: CSS can only work horizontally and downwards but not back up the tree. More technically a child element cannot reference its parent but the parent can reference its children.</span>
    
**Q24 How can disabilities affect web applications? Give two examples.<br/>**
> - There are a range of disabilities ranging from visual impairments such as color blindness to auditory impairments. These disabilities might make it difficult or impossible for the application to be used correctly. 
    
**Q25 Name the 5 positions of elements and describe them.<br/>**
> - 1. Static (default) - positioned to the normal flow of the page nothing special.</p>  <p>2. Relative - positioned relative to its normal position</p>  <p>3. Fixed - positioned where even when scrolling it is always in the same place.</p>  <p>4. Absolute - positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.</p>  <p>5. Sticky - positioned based on the user's scroll position.
    
**Q26 How could using an alt tag help some who is disabled?<br/>**
> - Alt tags can help people who are visually impaired. Alt tags are designed to work with screen readers that use sound to tell the user what is on the screen. 
    
**Q27 What are the different positions when positioning elements?<br/>**
> - Static</p>  <p>Relative</p>  <p>Fixed</p>  <p>Absolute
    
**Q28 Should websites be ADA compliant? and why?<br/>**
> - Yes websites need to be ADA complaint. Because there are many disabilities out there that hinder the user meaning that we need to plan for this issue. 
    
**Q29 Define DOM.<br/>**
> - Document object model a skeleton that functions like a family tree with relationships between nodes.
    
**Q30 Please name and briefly describe the five position methods used for an element.<br/>**
> - Static: the element is not positioned in any specific way.</p>  <p>Relative: the element is positioned relative to its normal position.</p>  <p>Fixed: the element is positioned relative to the viewpoint.</p>  <p>Absolute: the element is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor.</p>  <p>Sticky: the element is positioned based on the user's scroll position. 
    
**Q31 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>There are several selectors you can use to pinpoint the HTML element you wish to style but what are 3 main selectors we focusing? </span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Elements classes and ids</span>
    
**Q32 What are some things you should take into account when designing a website?<br/>**
> - ADA epilepsy readability ease of use
    
**Q33 Why should you not place red letters on a green background on a webpage?<br/>**
> - Color- Blind viewers would not be able to tell the difference between the font and background
    
**Q34 What type of impairment has the most effect in web application design and what can be done in order to aid this?<br/>**
> - Visual - use larger font size and clearer fonts and specific color schemes audio cues etc
    
**Q35 The element position relies on what two principles? <br/>**
> - inheritance and the box model. 
    
**Q36 Which web browser is a lost cause?<br/>**
> - Internet Explorer
    
**Q37 What is considered the most important part of a website? and why<br/>**
> - Navigation because its the primary way and source for people to find the information they need.
    
**Q38 Overflow property specifies whether to clip content or to add scrollbars when an element's content is too big to fit in a specified area. It works for what 4 block elements that specify height only? <br/>**
> - 1.) visible</p>  <p>2.) hidden</p>  <p>3.) scroll</p>  <p>4.) auto 
    
**Q39 What are some of the technologies impaired users rely on hardware and specialized technologies and devices and how do they help them?   <br><br/>**
> - Some users rely on screen readers screen magnifiers and limited navigation hardware. Screen readers are used by people who have visual impairments they hover over elements while the software dictates the content as they do. Screen magnifiers are used by the visually impaired it makes things very large for them to make it easier to read smaller text. Limited navigation hardware are for users with poor or limited limb mobility and allows them to navigate with a single navigation device. 
    
**Q40 Other than it being the law why is it important for you to design a website that is accessible to people with disabilities? Give an example.<br/>**
> - Having an accessible website is necessary to prevent discouraging people with disabilities from using the website. If the website is not accessible someone with color blindness may have a difficult time reading text that has poor contrast to the colors they are colorblind to.
    
**Q41 Explain what DOM functions<br/>**
> - Is a skeleton much like a family tree. Where each tree function has a node and each node is surrounded by nodes that have things in common with it. 
    
**Q42 Describe the Box Model<br/>**
> - The Box Model refers to the design of a Document Object Model. Box Models consist of 4 primary features: content padding borders and margins.
    
**Q43 What two principles does element positioning rely on?<br/>**
> - It relies on inheritance and the box model.
    
**Q44 What are some advantages and disadvantages of using a hamburger style menu?<br/>**
> - A hamburger menu is small and fits well on a mobile display. </p>  <p>It does not provide any info until you click on it  <br>
    
**Q45 What does the box model consist of?<br/>**
> - Margin border padding and content 
    
**Q46 List three components of good content and how it aids in usage.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Limit font families to 1-2 (one for heading and one for body text).</span></span></p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Avoid decorative and funky fonts which are difficult to read.</span></span></p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Use </span><strong style=font-weight: 600;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>bold</strong><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> and </span><em style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>italicized</em><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> text sparingly and avoid the use of super thin font weights which provide low contrast. </span></span></span></p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span></span></span></p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>All of these make webpages easier to read and use allowing for more efficient transfer of information. </span></span></span>
    
**Q47 In CSS what is the preferred order and why?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The preferred order would be either external and internal instead of </span>inline style. Thins is because external or internal are easier to maintain and update changes in once place instead of every location of the item in inline style.
    
**Q48 What does CSS stand for?<br/>**
> - Cascading Style Sheets
    
**Q49 What benefit does Flexbox have over older layout modes?<br/>**
> - Flexbox allows you to work with column or row layouts without having to change your markup structure and gives you full control of children elements. <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><br></span>
    
**Q50 What is an important aspect of Website building?<br/>**
> - Ensuring disabled people can use it without difficulty. 
    
**Q51 In font design what should you use sparingly and why?<br/>**
> - Use Bold and Italicized sparingly becasue they need to be saved for emphasis.
    
**Q52 Definition of Usabilityand Why accessibility is so important if business nor follow it.<br/>**
> - websites should be usable by persons with various sight hearing and mobility disabilities. Persons with these disabilities must have access to all content and functionalities of the website through the use of screen readers and other assistive technologies.</p>  <p>It will cause law suit that can order the business to make its website accessible and to pay the plaintiff’s attorneys’ fees costs and expenses.
    
# Hard
**Q1 Why would you want a scroller on your website for your text?<br/>**
> - You want this tool so that you can fit all of your text to prevent overflow from happening on your website.
    
**Q2 Why is it important for any webpage user friendly?<br/>**
> - Usability is important because so the user can be able to learn efficiently to remember the information with minimum errors and the satisfaction of the user after using the webpage. 
    
**Q3 When creating a website what are some thing to keep in mind to keep it succesful?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li><strong>Learnability</strong> measures how well and how fast your visitors learn to use your website the very first time they arrive. In order to achieve a high usability rating your website must be easy and intuitive to use.   <li><strong>Efficiency</strong> measures how quickly users are able to complete tasks after familiarizing themselves with your website.   <li><strong>Memorability</strong> measures how well users are able to refamiliarize themselves with your website navigation and task completion after a period of time.   <li><strong>Errors</strong> measures how many mistakes or errors users make on your website as a result of poor design and usability.   <li><strong>Satisfaction</strong> measures the level of user satisfaction with their visit (first or recurring) as a result of design and usability. Good usability increases the probability of becoming a recurring visitor.  </ul>  <br>
    
**Q4 Why do you want to use CSS with HTML?<br/>**
> - HTML alone is boring and all websites would look the same without it.
    
**Q5 When would you use a business professional vs a satirical tone on a website?<br/>**
> - A business professional tone should be used on a website trying to display information or preform a task. With a professional tone the user can more easily navigate and use the information efficiently. A satirical tone website would be one trying to provoke an emotional response in the user generally humor. A satirical tone does not convey information very well and can even be offensive. A website creator must understand his audience and the response he wants from them before deciding the tone he uses.
    
**Q6 Why is accessibility important for web design?<br/>**
> - People have disabilities such as visual impairments that would affect the way they view a webpage. If colors are used to a certain degree people with color blindness may have trouble interpreting certain elements. Flashing objects can also cause troubles such as seizure
    
**Q7 What does the coding term Zero-Based-Numbered mean?<br/>**
> - It means that when iterating through a string or an array that the first value is represented by a 0 the second is represented by 1 and so on. 
    
**Q8 Why should you limit a line length to 75 characters?<br/>**
> - &quot;<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Shorter line lenghts are more comfortable to read as opposed to unrestricted line lengths especially on larger displays and resolutions.&quot;</span></p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>-From the lecture notes</span>
    
**Q9 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Why is usability important?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Usability is important because it is often a competition to become the go-to website for a particular service and users are likely to immediately leave a website that does not meet minimum usability practices.  The goal of usability is to get the information users expect as efficiently as possible.  For example if a website selling good or services is hard to navigate users may become frustrated and decide to use a different website to purchase the same good or service.</p>  <br>
    
**Q10 What layout of flexbox would be best to fit a webpage where you would like a constant feature that asks user for assitance to click this box? How does this differ from othe rboxes?<br/>**
> - <p style=>Block Layout: is designed for vertically positioned elements (e.g. A series of text blocks)</p>  <p style=>Inline layout: is designed for horizontally positioned elements(e.g. A series of images on the same line/row)</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Table Layout: is designed for two-dimentional layouts (xy). This layout is particularly rigid with cell sizing count and positioning.</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Positioned layout: Which is best for this scenario!  is designed for explicit (absolute and fixed) positioning of elements with disregard of all others.</p>  <br>
    
**Q11 <br>  <p class=p1>What is the significance of usability/accessibility of a website?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <br>  <p class=p1>People have a low tolerance for poor design and difficult to find data. They are picky and will not tolerate a poorly made confusing website for long. Also the most common disability among Americans is colorblindness of one form or another so color and design choices to aid the visually impaired are very important and design must always be made to be cognizant of those with disabilities so as not to hurt anyone or keep anyone from being able to see your website.</p>  <br>
    
**Q12 What are the types of positioning?<br/>**
> - Static relative fixed absolute sticky
    
**Q13 What is one of the must-haves for a website to be ADA compliant? Why is being ADA compliant important?<br/>**
> - Provide a transcript of any audio or video recordings for those with hearing impairments. Having a ADA compliant website is important because 1)it expands who can access your site and 2) its the law. The internet is designed for the free exchange of ideas and it is important to have systems in place that will help those with disabilities in order to not discriminate them from the free exchange of ideas.
    
**Q14 Why is usability important?  <br><br/>**
> - Usability is key for any webpage to be successful because it provides the user with the best experience.  <br>
    
**Q15 Initialize a blue heading with 12 point font in CSS<br/>**
> - <pre style=font-family: SFMono-Regular  Consolas  &quot;Liberation Mono&quot;  Menlo  Courier  monospace;font-size: 13.6px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;word-wrap: normal;padding: 16.0px;overflow: auto;background-color: rgb(246248250);color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=pl-ent style=color: rgb(3413458);>h1</span> {     <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);><span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>color</span></span>: <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>blue</span>;     <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);><span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>font-size</span></span>: <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>12<span class=pl-k style=color: rgb(2155873);>px</span></span>; }</pre>  <br>
    
**Q16 Why are accessibility and usability important?  <br><br/>**
> - The American Disabilities Act states that people with disabilities should not be discriminated. Some of the disabilities that affect web applications are color blindness blindness deafness and limited mobility. Some of the features used for these disabilities are screen magnifiers that help people with sight issues screen readers that let a person know what they are hovering and limited navigation hardware that helps people with limited mobility. Usability is important because it measure how a website is executive and they can execute their purpose. Having usability will help certain websites gather more visitors and customers. People will only use a website that is effective and does what they want. 
    
**Q17 Why is usability important?<br/>**
> - When other sites may offer the same function intuitiveness and usability will be one of the few things that sets them apart.
    
**Q18 Explain some of the disabilities that effect potential users and describe how you can correct such disabilities. <br/>**
> - Some disabilities include color blindness limited mobility as well as visual imparement. You can utilize Screen Readers Screen Magnifiers Limited Navigation harware as well as simple color selection to ensure that your website is suitable for all users.
    
**Q19 Why is usability important?<br/>**
> - It allows developers to transmit information and/or provided data to users as efficient as possible while meeting their expectations.  It facilitates the usage of the website
    
**Q20 What is CSS syntax composed of?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>comprised of two parts: the selector and the declaration. Selectors in CSS describe who is receiving the style defined in the declaration</span>
    
**Q21 why is it good to avoid information overload<span style=color: rgb(364146);><span style=font-size: 16.0px;background-color: rgb(255255255);><br></span></span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>mispractice of presenting users with too much information than they can digest during their visit. User confusion is a very common side effect of information overload</span>
    
**Q22 Why is usability important?<br/>**
> - Since users are generally impatient and picky they are likely to immediately leave a website if your website does not meet minimum usability requirements.
    
**Q23 Suppose you want to increase the weight of your selector and target all gallery-items within a gallery-container. How would you write this?<br/>**
> - <pre style=font-family: SFMono-Regular  Consolas  &quot;Liberation Mono&quot;  Menlo  Courier  monospace;font-size: 13.6px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;word-wrap: normal;padding: 16.0px;overflow: auto;background-color: rgb(246248250);color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=pl-e style=color: rgb(11166193);>#gallery-container</span> <span class=pl-e style=color: rgb(11166193);>.gallery-item</span>{         // <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>This</span> <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>targets</span> <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);><span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>all</span></span> .<span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>gallery-items</span> <span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>in</span> #<span class=pl-c1 style=color: rgb(092197);>gallery-container</span>     }</pre>  <br>
    
**Q24 What is the golden rule for click depth in a website?  <br>  <br><br/>**
> - Three clicks. 
    
**Q25 Describe 2 reasons to use a flexbox.<br/>**
> - 1. Helps align and distribute space among items in a container even when the size is dynamic or unknown.</p>  <p>2. The flexbox is also useful for large or complex applications because it is direction-agnostic and can move anywhere essentially.
    
**Q26 What is the ultimate goal of a website?<br/>**
> - Websites have many goals but ultimately they should want to be the most used site for their particular content. 
    
**Q27 Why do you need to use flexbox?<br/>**
> - Flexbox allows you to work with column or row layouts without having to change structure. Flexbox gives you control of the children elements by allowing you to change the space distribution alignment and order on the fly which makes it especially useful for dynamic and adaptive layouts. In addition flexbox can be used to solve the issue of vertical alignment in other layout modes.
    
**Q28 What is the golden rule for navigation on a webpage?<br/>**
> - The golden rule is that the user should only have to click a maximum of 3 times in order to get to what they are looking for on the webpage. 
    
**Q29 Define the first two principles of CSS in which element positioning relies on.<br/>**
> - inheritance: parsed by browser and referenced as DOM</p>  <p>box model: every element in the DOM has one
    
**Q30 Describe 3 things you should consider about your content on your website.<br/>**
> - <ol>   <li>Avoid decorative and funky fonts that are difficult to read.   <li>Provide good contrast between your backgrounds and font colors.   <li>Avoid information overload.  </ol>
    
**Q31 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>What is the box model and what are four elements that we talk about in class? </span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>The box model contains the content passing border and margin. Content. Padding is a pillow meaning space that visible and counts against the total height and width of the element. The border is mostly boundary region that binds the content and the padding. Margin goes outside border padding and content used to created separation between other elements</span>
    
**Q32 Why should you learn CSS<br/>**
> - its in demand and can design your own website
    
**Q33 What is the major difference between overflow and flexbox?<br/>**
> - Flexbox is used when the size is unknown or dynamic while overflow requires that the elements have a specified height. Thus flexbox is more flexible (hence the name).
    
**Q34 Why is it important to have easy navigation on your website/app?<br/>**
> - Ease of flow and access will allow customers/users to find and navigate what they need. It will also encourage them to come back while frustrating and difficult flows will turn them away
    
**Q35 Describe what  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Flexbox (flexible box layout) is?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;><span style=background-color: rgb(255255255);> <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Flexbox (flexible box layout) is a relatively new layout mode for the base box model which greatly increases the efficiency of creating application layouts.</span> </span></span>
    
**Q36 What is click depth?<br/>**
> - Metric that measures the number of clicks it takes for a user to navigate your site and reach the information they expect.
    
**Q37 what are four reasons that support why you should regularly update and use the latest assesability and usability practices?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>Legally compliant   <li style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Delivers a high level of user satisfaction from an accessibility perspective   <li style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Delivers a high level of user satisfaction from an aesthetic perspective   <li style=margin-top: 0.25em;>a used website  </ul>
    
**Q38 What is &quot;flexbox layout&quot; and what is the main idea behind it? <br/>**
> - It aims at providing a more efficient way to lay out align and distribute space among items in a container even when their size is unknown and / or dynamic. The main idea behind it is to give the ccontainer the ability to alter its items width &amp; height to best fill it. 
    
**Q39 You are in charge of designing your companies website they require you to have a horizontally centered column. Write the code that would allow for you to do this.<br/>**
> - gallery-container {</p>  <p>        display: flex;</p>  <p>        flex-direction: column;</p>  <p>       align-items: center;</p>  <p>}
    
**Q40 What are some features you might include in your website to decrease the click depth of your website?<br/>**
> - A hamburger button that would display a well organized menu with descriptive sections that contains everything in the page. A flat site hierarchy is ideal. Consistency would also be beneficial for the user so they can use context of how the page is set up to navigate through it. 
    
**Q41 List the different parts of the Box Model and what each part contains. <br/>**
> - Content contains texts and images. Padding a buffer that adds height and width to elements. Border the boundary region that binds the content and padding. Lastly Margin which is a buffer around the entire element to create space between other elements. 
    
**Q42 What is absolute positioning?<br/>**
> - Absolute positioning refers to the location of an element based solely off the relative location parent element. Absolutely positioned elements will hold an absolute position relative to a parent element.
    
**Q43 How do disabilities affect web applications?<br/>**
> - Most frequently visual impairment is the cause of concern when it comes to web applications. Color blindness and partial blindness are both reasons that websites have to adapt to those viewers.
    
**Q44 Why is it important to carefully consider your website's color scheme?<br/>**
> - It is important in order for your website to be accessible to people who are colorblind or vision impaired.
    
**Q45 Define relative positioning <br/>**
> - The element is positioned relative to the parent obeying any internal paddings or borders it may have.
    
**Q46 List two of the five usability components and why they are important. <br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: small;>(any of these 5)</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-weight: 600;>Learnability</span> measures how well and how fast your visitors learn to use your website the very first time they arrive. In order to achieve a high usability rating your website must be easy and intuitive to use</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-weight: 600;>Efficiency</span> measures how quickly users are able to complete tasks after familiarizing themselves with your website.</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: small;></span><span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-weight: 600;>Memorability</span> measures how well users are able to refamiliarize themselves with your website navigation and task completion after a period of time.</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: small;></span><span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-weight: 600;>Errors</span> measures how many mistakes or errors users make on your website as a result of poor design and usability.</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: small;></span><span style=font-size: small;><span style=font-weight: 600;>Satisfaction</span> measures the level of user satisfaction with their visit (first or recurring) as a result of design and usability. Good usability increases the probability of becoming a recurring visitor.</span>
    
**Q47 What is the difference between accessibility and usability?<br/>**
> - Accessibility considers maintaining compliance with the ADA to ensure persons with disabilities can use your site without feeling discriminated against. Usability is more about the website's function and whether or not it is easy to use such as click depth and clarity.
    
**Q48 True or False multiple CSS sheets can be used on a single HTML page?<br/>**
> - TRUE
    
**Q49 Why is navigation one of the most important components in a website?<br/>**
> - A user who is using your website must be able to find the information they need in an easy way or else they will look for another website to use. 
    
**Q50 How can CSS and HTML interact?<br/>**
> - CSS beautifies what HTM builds. 
    
**Q51 In what ways do disabilities effect web applications and what are some potential solutions?<br/>**
> - One of the most common issues regarding web applications is colorblindness which can cause normal webpages to become unreadable due to font colors. In order to make sure those with color blindness can see your page ensure that there is not a poor color contrast among the fonts.
    
**Q52 Definition of Usability and simply defined the 5 quality components<br/>**
> - <p style=line-height: 22.4px;padding-top: 0.0px;padding-right: 0.0px;padding-bottom: 7.53px;font-size: 15.06px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-right: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;>Usability is a quality attribute that assesses how easy user interfaces are to use. The word &quot;usability&quot; also refers to methods for improving ease-of-use during the design process.</p>  <p style=line-height: 22.4px;padding-top: 0.0px;padding-right: 0.0px;padding-bottom: 7.53px;font-size: 15.06px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-right: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;>Learnability: How easy is it for users to accomplish basic tasks the first time they encounter the design?</p>  <p style=line-height: 22.4px;padding-top: 0.0px;padding-right: 0.0px;padding-bottom: 7.53px;font-size: 15.06px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-right: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;>Efficiency: Once users have learned the design how quickly can they perform tasks?</p>  <p style=line-height: 22.4px;padding-top: 0.0px;padding-right: 0.0px;padding-bottom: 7.53px;font-size: 15.06px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-right: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;>Memorability: When users return to the design after a period of not using it how easily can they reestablish proficiency?</p>  <p style=line-height: 22.4px;padding-top: 0.0px;padding-right: 0.0px;padding-bottom: 7.53px;font-size: 15.06px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-right: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;>Errors: How many errors do users make how severe are these errors and how easily can they recover from the errors?Satisfaction: How pleasant is it to use the design?</p>  <br>
