TODO: Separate to assign to different modules

# Easy
**Q1 Which one is the status server error<br/>**
> - 5XX
> - 4XX
> - 3XX
> - 2XX
    
**Q2 Which of the following is not a REST method?<br/>**
> - ACCESS
> - GET
> - DELETE
> - POST
    
**Q3 What does JSON stand for?  <br><br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation
> - Java Scripting Orientation Notation
> - Javascript Obective Notetaking
> - None of the above
    
**Q4 What is Leaflet?<br/>**
> - Mapping API
> - A leaf
> - Leaf and Stem Plot
> - Statistics calculating API
    
**Q5 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> ______________ is one of the better web mapping libraries you can use because it is simple open-source (meaning FREE) and has great documentation. </span><br/>**
> - LeafletJS
> - ArcGIS Online
> - Esiri
> - Github
    
**Q6 What is LeafletJS?<br/>**
> - a web mapping library
> - a paper
> - a single web page
> - a complete web map
    
**Q7 What does the L stand for at the beginning of a new function such as L.map or L.titlelayer ?<br/>**
> - Leaflet
> - Leaves
> - LeafletJS
> - Leaf
    
**Q8 Javascript key-value pairs can contain what kind of datatypes?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - object
> - function
> - array
    
**Q9 Which of the following allows for the addition of a background layer to a map?<br/>**
> - tileLayer
> - div
> - mapid
> - head
    
**Q10 .........   allow to view the error and either fix the problem or silently ignore the problem without crashing the program.<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);><br></span><br/>**
> - Try/catch
> - If/else
> - While
> - Switch
    
**Q11 JSON key-value pairs can contain which of the following data types?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - string
> - array
> - boolean
    
**Q12 What does JSON stand for<br/>**
> - JavaScript Object Notation
> - Java Standard Ordinal Notation
> - JavaScript Ordinal Notation
> - Java Standard Object Notation
    
**Q13 Which of the following is not a valid data type for a JSON key-value pair?<br/>**
> - float
> - string
> - number
> - boolean
    
**Q14 What does leaflet?<br/>**
> - Web mapping library
> - Something to be used on your mobile phone
> - An additive to CSS
> - An add on to HTML
    
**Q15 <br>  <p class=li1>Which of these would you use to add a short info box or title to an object in your map?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Marker variable with .bindPopup
> - Placemark variable
> - function with setPopup
> - TileLayer with .addto(mymap);
    
**Q16 What is binding?<br/>**
> - another term for listening to an event
> - stacking code together
> - combining functions
> - calling functions
    
**Q17 What is one way to make a pop up on your map in Javascript<br/>**
> - .bindpopup
> - .addto
> - tilelayer
> - .marker
    
**Q18 leaflet is open source. What does open source mean?<br/>**
> - its free
> - you have to subscribe to receive content
> - its expensive
> - its a beta program
    
**Q19 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What does the 'L' in 'L.tileLayer(…)' or 'L.map(…)' stand for?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Leaflet
> - Layer
> - List
> - LeafJS
    
**Q20 What is not a benefit of Leaflet?<br/>**
> - It costs money
> - It's simple
> - It's open-source
> - It has great documentation
    
**Q21 What is the acronym JSON?<br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation
> - Joint Special Operations
> - Journal of Surgery Orthapedic
> - Joint Standoff Munition
    
**Q22 what is the code that is used to show the authenticity of your HTML code?<br/>**
> - Sha-512
> - Buff-120
> - Shoot-UR-Shot
> - 17-Whoop
    
**Q23 What is best web mapping library you can use?<br/>**
> - LeafletJS
> - Leaflet
> - D3
> - LeafletJV
    
**Q24 What is a good program to create your HTML text?<br/>**
> - Notepad ++
> - PowerPoint
> - Excel
> - Fortnite
    
**Q25 Is Leaflet a api for mapping?<br/>**
> - YES
> - NO
> - Mabe
> - No and no
    
**Q26 What does JSON stand for?<br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation
> - Who cares
> - Java sucks
> - Java Object Notation
    
**Q27 Which of the following REST methods allows you to retrieve information from the REST endpoint?<br/>**
> - Get
> - Post
> - Delete
> - Ask
    
**Q28 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>A Javascript web mapping libraries that we talk about in class? </span><br/>**
> - Leaflet
> - HTML
> - CSS
> - React-native
    
**Q29 Is Leaflet open source?<br/>**
> - yes
> - no
> - maybe
> - definitely not
    
**Q30 Leadlet is...<br/>**
> - Free
> - Freemium
> - Pay for it
> - Discounted if student
    
**Q31 What is API?<br/>**
> - Application Program Interface
> - A Program Interface
> - AP Inc
> - Arc Program Interface
    
**Q32 Where in your html code do you define/set the height of your map?<br/>**
> - head
> - body
> - anywhere
> - at the end
    
**Q33 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>JSON can read the following data type except</span><br/>**
> - image
> - string
> - function
> - array
    
**Q34 What is the term for a javascript object that contains geographic information?<br/>**
> - geoJSON
> - Shapefile
> - ArcJSON
> - terraJSON
    
**Q35 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-size: small;> GeoJSON supports many feature geometries such as:</span> </span><br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Lines
> - Multilines
> - Points
    
**Q36 What does JSON stand for?<br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation
> - Jason
> - Javascript Orientation Notation
> - Javascript One Notation
    
**Q37 What is &quot;sha512&quot;?<br/>**
> - A CheckSum
> - A number
> - 512 negative emotions
> - A front-end user interface
    
**Q38 GET retrieves information from the ____ endpoint.   <br><br/>**
> - REST
> - BET
> - ARC
> - HTML
    
**Q39 what is leaflet <br/>**
> - web mapping libraries
> - its not a thing
> - a website
> - helps with coding
    
**Q40 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>GeoJSON supports many feature geometries such as:</span><br/>**
> - segments
> - points
> - lines
> - polygons
    
**Q41 Which of the four is not related to the rest in funtionallity?<br/>**
> - Story Maps
> - Google Maps
> - Leaflet
> - Map Box
    
**Q42 What makes Leaflet one of the better mapping libraries?<br/>**
> - All of the Above
> - Simplicity
> - Open-Source
> - Great Documentation
    
**Q43 What default color does leaflet use for pop ups?<br/>**
> - Blue
> - Orange
> - Green
> - Red
    
**Q44 What is one beneficial factor of using Leaflet?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - It is simple
> - Great documentation
> - Open-source
    
# Medium
**Q1 list the principles of REST and explain what are they<br/>**
> - Resources: expose easily understood directory structure URIs.</p>  <p>Representations: transfer JSON or XML to represent data objects and attributes.</p>  <p>Messages: use HTTP methods explicitly (for example GET POST PUT and DELETE).</p>  <p>Stateless: interactions store no client context on the server between requests. State dependencies limit and restrict scalability. The client holds session state.
    
**Q2 What does REST stand for and mean?<br/>**
> - REST stands for Representational State Transfer and acts as a communications protocol to acquire information from a backend server .
    
**Q3 What is leaflet?  <br><br/>**
> - Leaflet is a free simple mapping API in Javascript.
    
**Q4 What is the cross origin function for?  <br><br/>**
> - So other people on the site can't inject bad code in your script in infect your web page.
    
**Q5 What is the purpose of using a &quot;tileLayer&quot; when working in LeafletJS  and how does it work? <br/>**
> - It adds a background layer to the map by taking a raster tile source like Esri or Mapbox and adds those tiles to a layer Leaflet knows allowing you to be able to see an actual map. 
    
**Q6 What does the &quot;div&quot; tag do?<br/>**
> - It adds a &quot;division&quot; which can include a space for new style or room to run a script.
    
**Q7 Can you use leaflet google maps and map box at the same time?<br/>**
> - Maybe but it is not ideal since they all have different cartography and all have different features. 
    
**Q8 What are 3 types of notation for JSON objects?<br/>**
> - Dot notation brackets or JSON object notation
    
**Q9 How is GeoJSON a subset of JSON?<br/>**
> - GeoJSON is often used by web mapping APIs like Leaflet or ERSI JS fro displaying human-readable data from either an ArcServer or user generated data. 
    
**Q10 Explain conditional statements.<br/>**
> - Conditional are used to control the flow of a program based on some condition.</p>  <p><span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: normal;font-style: normal;font-size: 16.0px;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span>
    
**Q11 What does JSON mean?<br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation
    
**Q12 What is GeoJSON and how does it relate to Leaflet?<br/>**
> - GeoJSON is a subset of JSON used for coding geographic data. There for it is often used in web mapping APIs like LeafletUS.
    
**Q13 In the leaflet setView function what does each parameter represent?<br/>**
> - ([Latitude Longitude] Zoom)
    
**Q14 What is the most efficient way to program?<br/>**
> - Google what you want to do and the language then copy and paste. Tweak it to your specifications.
    
**Q15 <br>  <p class=li1>What is leafletJS?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <br>  <p class=p1>A simple open source web mapping library that has great documentation full of useful JS mapping code.</p>  <br>
    
**Q16 What is GEOJSON?<br/>**
> - A system to store geographic data  and is the standard except ESRI.
    
**Q17 What are the steps to create a tilelayer?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>where you get the tile from   <li>zoom   <li>source  </ul>
    
**Q18 what are the two different JSON notations?<br/>**
> - dot or bracket. 
    
**Q19 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is an API and what are some benefits of using one?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>An API is an application programming interface and is basically code that is already developed for others to use.  For example the Leaflet API can be used to show a map zoom and pan and draw your own shape on the map without having to fully understand the more complicated code behind the functions.</p>  <br>
    
**Q20 How would one add a background layer to a map in LeafLet?<br/>**
> - By using a tileLayer which <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>takes a raster tile source like OpenStreetMap ESRI or Mapbox and adds those tiles to a layer Leaflet knows.</span>  <div style=left: -10000.0px;></div>
    
**Q21 What is LeafletJS and why is it good?<br/>**
> - Leaflet JS is one of the better web mapping libraries you can use. The best part of Leaflet is that it is simple open-source (meaning FREE) and has great documentation.
    
**Q22 Why is it important for GIS professionals to be familiar with online mapping?<br/>**
> - Online mapping is a widely prevalent piece of technology existing in the world today. By knowing about this technology it allows those professionals to help innovate and imporove GIS concepts.
    
**Q23 What is JSON?<br/>**
> - It is and expressive easily read by humans and data type. It is kind of like a giant key value structure
    
**Q24 What is &quot;JSON&quot;?<br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation: which is an easy way to read and write code for humans. It can be used to create objects and send/receive data. 
    
**Q25 L.map dose what in leaflet?<br/>**
> - It creates a map on your website
    
**Q26 What is Leaflet?<br/>**
> - A simple online free javascript library that has built in map functions.
    
**Q27 What is the Rest method that is used to delete a specific resource given a specific identifying parameter<br/>**
> - Delete
    
**Q28 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>Where does your leaflet code go in HTML? </span><br/>**
> - Between your &lt;script/&gt; just like stylesheet  <br>
    
**Q29 What is the purpose of adding a background layer to your leaflet map and how do you do it?<br/>**
> - A background layer adds context to your map and is added in using a LeafletJS called tileLayer
    
**Q30 What is DoJo?<br/>**
> - 3rd Party <span style=color: rgb(255255255);font-family: Merriweather  serif;font-size: 15.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: center;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(000);> JavaScript toolkit that saves you time and scales with your development process. Provides everything you need to build a Web app. Language utilities UI components and more.</span></span>
    
**Q31 What is the benefit of Leaflet?<br/>**
> - There is already background foundation for you to create a webmap. All you need to do is to put data in
    
**Q32 What happens if you don't define the height of your map?<br/>**
> - The map would not show.
    
**Q33 Is it a good idea to have multiple JS API at the same time? and why?<br/>**
> - No because they may share the same function names and the program will get confused.
    
**Q34 What value does JSON have in web mapping?<br/>**
> - JSON provides you with a tool to create objects as well as send and receive data. This is especially useful in web maps where a large amount of information needs to be presented to the user of your map. This requires interactive elements as well as data transfer.
    
**Q35 What is GeoJSON?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-size: small;> GeoJSON is a subset of JSON used for encoding geographic data.</span> </span>
    
**Q36 What JSON notations can you use to access the values associated with it?<br/>**
> - Dot or bracket 
    
**Q37 Should you include multiple maps from many different sources on your web map?<br/>**
> - No because they can override and confuse each other
    
**Q38 What does JSON stand for?<br/>**
> - Javascript Object Notation 
    
**Q39 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>what is </span>crossorgin<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>it is a way to make sure that you are not being hacked or people aren't injecting script into your code </span> 
    
**Q40 What are two functions of coding in JSON?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>In creating objects and in sending / receiving data.</span>
    
**Q41 Body only contains which 2 things explain each?<br/>**
> - Div: styles a section of a page </p>  <p>Script: main page
    
**Q42 List three different JSON key -value pairs.<br/>**
> - Object Array Function.
    
**Q43 what is the purpose of the div tag in HMTL?<br/>**
> - The purpose is mainly for styling because the div tag can checkpoint different sections of your code and then you can style that certain section in CSS.
    
**Q44 Can you call geoprocessing services from different companies for the same map that you're working on?<br/>**
> - Maybe but it's not recommended. Javascript might be confused as to what data or geoprocessing service you are calling from.  <br>
    
# Hard
**Q1 what is XMLHttpRequest()<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(515151);font-family: &quot;Open Sans&quot;  arial  x-locale-body  sans-serif;font-size: medium;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>This is constructor initiates an XMLHttpRequest. It must be called before any other method calls.</span>
    
**Q2 Is pulling GIS data possible through from a REST interface?<br/>**
> - Yes pulling GIS data is possible through a REST interface
    
**Q3 Describe REST.  <br><br/>**
> - REST is Representational State Transfer which is a communications protocol that outlines how a website gets information from a backend server.  <br>
    
**Q4 What is GEOJSON?  <br><br/>**
> - A standardized way to store geographic data (shp kml etc.)
    
**Q5 What does the function   var marker   allow you to do when creating a map in LeafletJS? <br/>**
> - It allows you to add a marker to a map to show the location of some object by giving the function the coordinates of the location that we want the marker to appear at. 
    
**Q6 Why is there an &quot;L&quot; before many of the functions used in creating an online map?<br/>**
> - The &quot;L&quot; stands for &quot;leaflet&quot; and it is included in the function because the it is a leaflet function. The &quot;.&quot; that separates the two means that it is a function of the variety on the right side of the &quot;.&quot;.
    
**Q7 What are the benefits of using GeoJSON?<br/>**
> - The benefits of using GeoJSON  are that it supports many feature geometries such as points lines polygons multi polygons and also the standardized way of showing geographic locations on the web. 
    
**Q8 Describe methods of using REST<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>GET retrieves information from the REST endpoint  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>POST includes data on the request  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>DELETE is used to delete a specific resource given a specific identifying parameter</span> </span></span>
    
**Q9 What role does REST play in pulling GIS data?<br/>**
> - Managing three methods. GET retrieves information from the REST endpoint POST includes data on the request and DELETE is used to delete a specific resource given a specific identifying parameter.
    
**Q10 What the main benefit of GeoJSON?  <br><br/>**
> - The main benefit is that GeoJSON is used to represent geographic data.<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);><br></span>
    
**Q11 Leaflet is a?<br/>**
> - API Javascript
    
**Q12 What does open sourced mean and why is this good/bad.<br/>**
> - Open sourced means it is free to use this is good because it is free.
    
**Q13 Write a JSON that contains your immediate family in the form key:relationship value:name.<br/>**
> - <pre style=font-family: SFMono-Regular  Consolas  &quot;Liberation Mono&quot;  Menlo  Courier  monospace;font-size: 13.6px;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 0.0px;word-wrap: normal;padding: 16.0px;overflow: auto;background-color: rgb(246248250);color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=pl-k style=color: rgb(2155873);>var</span> family<span class=pl-k style=color: rgb(2155873);>=</span> {     <span class=pl-s style=color: rgb(34798);><span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span>Dad<span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span></span><span class=pl-k style=color: rgb(2155873);>:</span> <span class=pl-s style=color: rgb(34798);><span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span>Samuel West<span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span></span>     <span class=pl-s style=color: rgb(34798);><span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span>Mom<span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span></span><span class=pl-k style=color: rgb(2155873);>:</span> <span class=pl-s style=color: rgb(34798);><span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span>Melinda West<span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span></span><br>    &quot;Step-Mom&quot;: &quot;Suzann West&quot;     <span class=pl-s style=color: rgb(34798);><span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;Step-</span>Brother<span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span></span><span class=pl-k style=color: rgb(2155873);>:</span> <span class=pl-s style=color: rgb(34798);><span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span>Samuel Richard<span class=pl-pds style=color: rgb(34798);>&quot;</span></span>     &quot;Step-Sister&quot;: &quot;Macy Richard&quot; }</pre>  Above is an example but answers will vary.
    
**Q14 What is cross sight scripting?<br/>**
> - Hackers injecting their data into your website for their own personal gain.
    
**Q15 <br>  <p class=li1>Why is LeafletJS so valuable as a resource in online map making?</p><br/>**
> - <br>  <p class=p1>It is reputable and has preprogrammed JS to facilitate easy map making and functions to add layers and markers to help easily create an online map thats easily usable and interactive without having to code extensive functions necessarily.<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></p>  <br>
    
**Q16 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>How do you access JSON data from webmap site?</span><br/>**
> - Right-click inspect network tab then XHR and access directory via link
    
**Q17 What is GeoJason and what does it support?<br/>**
> - Geo Jason is a subset of JSON that is used for encoding geographic data. It is often used for web mapping APIs.</p>  <p>It supports: points lines polygons multilines and multipolygons
    
**Q18 how will you be able to use a dot notation instead of a bracket?<br/>**
> - &quot;dont write code like a jack-a$$&quot;
    
**Q19 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Why is GeoJSON used for encoding geographic data?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>GeoJSON is used for encoding geographic data because it is standardized (internationally agreed upon implementation standards) and is a subset of JSON which relies on key-value pairs well suited for storing the type geometry and properties of a site (i.e. such as it being a point with coordinates and a name).</p>  <br>
    
**Q20 Why is JSON so popular?<br/>**
> - It's so popular because of its easy to read and interpret structure. It started out of Javascript but has since moved past it because of its ease.
    
**Q21 What are the three different REST methods and what do they each do?<br/>**
> - GET</p>  <p>GET retrieves information from the REST endpoint. Must return the same value over and over if given the same parameters. Parameters passed in GET are included in the query string and are visible. Do not use passwords in a GET.</p>  <p>POST</p>  <p>POST includes data on the request. The REST endpoint then uses the data provided to either limit the data asked login with the provided credentials update an entity or many other things. Unlike GET POST parameters are inside the body of the query and are not part of the query string.</p>  <p>DELETE</p>  <p>DELETE is used to delete a specific resource given a specific identifying parameter.
    
**Q22 What does JSON stand for and how has it impacted the world?<br/>**
> - JSON stands for Javascript Object Notation. It is important because it is very useful for sending/ receiving data as well as creating objects. Its impact comes from the fact that JSON is no longer just for Javascript. Because of its ease of reading and interpreting structure JSON has spread to many different programming languages. This leads to more code being done in a similar fashion facilitating the exchange of ideas and innovation.
    
**Q23 What are some REST methods? and define them<br/>**
> - GET: gets information from the REST endpoint</p>  <p>POST: includes data on request</p>  <p>DELETE: delete a specific resource given a specific identifying parameter
    
**Q24 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is &quot;GeoJSON&quot;?</span><br/>**
> - Standardized way of using standardized object notation geographic data. 
    
**Q25 Json dose use key value pair<br/>**
> - Yes they do and they can store string integers and many more
    
**Q26 Why should you not name variable with a space?<br/>**
> - It can break the code if you're not careful
    
**Q27 What is a GeoJSON?<br/>**
> - GeoJSON is a subset of JSON used for encoding geographic data
    
**Q28 <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>what is the different JSON key value can be put inside the var?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 11.0pt;line-height: 115.0%;font-family: Calibri  sans-serif;>string object array number Boolean null function data etc.</span>
    
**Q29 What is GeoJSON used for by web mapping APIs?<br/>**
> - it is used to encode geographic data as a subset of JSON
    
**Q30 What is the purpose of Leaflet? Why use it?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;>Leaflet </span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>allows</span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;> for anybody to add a map to a website and </span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>manipulate it easily by using </span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>simple </span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;>JavaScript additions. With a small amount of code it is possible to have an interactive map</span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Tahoma  sans-serif;color: black;><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=orphans: 2;widows: 2;></span><span style=font-size: 10.0pt;line-height: 107.0%;font-family: Helvetica  sans-serif;color: black;> that is user friendly. It is also free and being constantly updated. </span></span>  <br>
    
**Q31 Why is it bad to have multiple maps from different sites in yours?<br/>**
> - Because having different cartography styles is not very good design practice. Each site has different requirements/codes for their map and integrating all of them could lead to confusing and scripts and could mess up everything. It is best to just use one map and get elements from the other sides that the one you chose didn't have
    
**Q32 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q33 How would you get data from a REST service?<br/>**
> - website/REST/GET
    
**Q34 Why should you avoid using a bracket JSON notation for values?<br/>**
> - The bracket notation takes longer to write and it is also more complex than dot notation. Dot notation values are forced to be concise whereas bracket notation can be difficult to understand for anyone besides the author.
    
**Q35 What is JSON?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-size: small;> Javascript Object Notation or JSON is an expressive human-readable data type.</span> </span>
    
**Q36 Write an example of a JSON dot and bracket notation<br/>**
> - Dot notation:</p>  <p>var city = me.city;</p>  <p>Bracket notation:</p>  <p>var age = me[&quot;age&quot;];
    
**Q37 Leaflet is magical! How so though?<br/>**
> - Because it goes and gets the right tile (png) based on the zxy coordinates for us.
    
**Q38 Why would you use GeoJSON?<br/>**
> - If you need to encode geographic data. GeoJSON is a subset of JSON. 
    
**Q39 what is a div<br/>**
> - it is a thing that wraps around an area and you can move it around mostly for styling 
    
**Q40 What are the two methods for accessing data inside of a JSON object and which is better?<br/>**
> - Dot and bracket methods. There is no better option they both are acceptable syntax.
    
**Q41 Leaflet similar to Google Maps and MapBox how? and what do they do?<br/>**
> - The three provide the same API functionality. </p>  <p>They are basically the canvas of what you want to make with coding.</p>  <p>Backdrop done just have to make data appear on map.
    
**Q42 What did JSON start out as what has it become and why?<br/>**
> - JSON started out in Javascript but has since spread to many different programming languages due to JSON's easy to read and interpret structure.
    
**Q43 Describe GeoJSON and how it is different than regular JSON.<br/>**
> - GeoJSON is a subset of JSON used for encoding geographic data and is mostly used for APIs and ESRI.JS for displaying readable data from an ArcServer.
    
**Q44 What makes Leaflet a better option for people who are not proficient in programming?<br/>**
> - Leaflet has function such as tileLayer in which it takes a raster from sources like ESRI Mapbox and adds those tiles to a layer Leaflet knows.
