
# Easy
**Q1 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;> Which of the following is a server type?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - All of these
> - Web server
> - GIS server
> - Data server
    
**Q2 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;>What is the link between the user and the site or service.</span><br/>**
> - client
> - middleman
> - Salesman
> - Producer
    
**Q3 does a web server understand geography?<br/>**
> - no
> - yes
> - maybe
> - I dont know
    
**Q4 In the server site architecture web mobile and desktop clients connect to the web server adaptor through which port?<br/>**
> - 608
> - 060
> - 816
> - 082
    
**Q5 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site?</span><br/>**
> - Client Server
> - Web Server
> - GIS Server
> - Data Server
    
**Q6 Whats the first step to building a 2D story map?<br/>**
> - Decide the story you want to tell
> - find the data you need
> - look for images online
> - pick which platform you want to use
    
**Q7 Which of the following options would be the one that would be using the other three answers?<br/>**
> - Client
> - Web server
> - GIS server
> - Data server
    
**Q8 Filling the blank.</p>  <br>  <p>The client is the link between the ______ and the site or service.<br/>**
> - User
> - mobile device
> - web broswer
> - facebook
    
**Q9 What is a client?<br/>**
> - the link between the user and the site or service
> - the link between the program and the site or service
> - the link between the user and the program
> - none of the above
    
**Q10 How many GIS servers does Texas A&amp;M have? <br/>**
> - 3
> - 1
> - 2
> - 4
    
**Q11 How many servers does the Aggie map run on?<br/>**
> - 3
> - 4
> - 5
> - 2
    
**Q12 Which of the following is NOT part of the server architecture hierarchy?<br/>**
> - web page
> - client
> - web server
> - data server
    
**Q13 which of the following is part of the ArcGIS Server site architecture?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Clients
> - web server
> - GIS servers
    
**Q14 Web server can do what?<br/>**
> - Can host web applications and provide optional security
> - Nothing
> - Is A.I
> - Dose gis modelling
    
**Q15 True or False:</p>  <p>The client is the link between the user and the service.<br/>**
> - True
> - False
> - False 2: Electric Boogaloo
> - Maybe false
    
**Q16 Which of these is/are an internet server?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Web server
> - GIS server
> - Data server
    
**Q17 Which of the following is not a type of story map?<br/>**
> - Novel
> - Cascade
> - Journal
> - Crowsource
    
**Q18 What is a story map?<br/>**
> - A map that shows something using ArcGIS online.
> - A map in a book
> - A map of Hogwarts
> - Something that has nothing to do with GIS.
    
**Q19 Which of the following attribute fields would most likely be associated with 3D aspect of a feature?<br/>**
> - Elevation
> - 3D
> - size
> - shape
    
**Q20 Which of the following is NOT part of the ArcGIS server site architecture?<br/>**
> - GIS Adaptor
> - Clients
> - Data server
> - Server administrator
    
**Q21 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A ____________ can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site. </span><br/>**
> - web server
> - website
> - web browser
> - search engine
    
**Q22 What is NOT a server?<br/>**
> - Client
> - Web Server
> - GIS Server
> - Data Server
    
**Q23 Which is a type of server?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - Web Server
> - GIS Server
> - Data Server
    
**Q24 What type of things can be included in story mapping? <br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Images
> - Video
> - Maps
    
**Q25 What makes creating a StoryMap so easy?<br/>**
> - There are pre-existing templates that can be extended
> - Easy UI
> - Internet connection
> - Server Connection
    
**Q26 Which of the following is not a free to use service for server management?<br/>**
> - Oracle
> - MySQL
> - Apache
> - Geoserver
    
**Q27 What is the client in webGIS?<br/>**
> - The link between the user and the site or service
> - Someone who bought your website
> - Coding language similar to Javascript
> - A named container used to store a value
    
# Medium
**Q1 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is the purpose of a GIS server?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>The GIS server fulfills requests to your web services.  It understands geography unlike a web server and as a result draws maps runs tools queries data and performs any other action you can do with a service.</p>  <br>
    
**Q2 Why would you want to use the Web Adapter?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;>To go beyond simple hosting of services or to use your organization's existing web server</span>
    
**Q3 Who would be a client?<br/>**
> - Anyone accessing the website
    
**Q4 Which components of the server site architecture &quot;know geography&quot;?<br/>**
> - The GIS servers that can work with points lines polygons and long/ lat.
    
**Q5 Difference between a Web server and a GIS server<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A web server can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site. </span> <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The ArcGIS Server machine fulfills requests to your web services. It draws maps runs tools queries data and performs any other action you can do with a service.</span>
    
**Q6 What is a client?<br/>**
> - The client is the link between the user and the site or service.
    
**Q7 What is the purpose of a GIS server?<br/>**
> - An ArcGIS server fulfills request to your web services. The server draws run tools queries data  and performs any other action you can do a with a service. 
    
**Q8 What is a web server?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>A web server can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site</span>. </span>
    
**Q9 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> The ArcGIS Server machine fulfills requests to your web services.</span> List 3 actions you can do with a service.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Draws maps runs tools and queries data.</span>
    
**Q10 List a major issue with using Arc Servers and how it impacts the usability.<br/>**
> - Limited storage can slow down the site's speed and cause it not to load causing the user to have a bad experience on your site. 
    
**Q11 Why did the Aggie map work poorly originally?<br/>**
> - There was not enough memory on the server to perform all the tasks.
    
**Q12 what is the purpose of a data server?<br/>**
> - You can place your data directly on each sever or access is from a central repository such as a shared network folder or an enterprise geodatabase. The data includes all the GSI resourves that have been published. These can be maps locators and geodatabases. 
    
**Q13 What does a web server understand and not understand?<br/>**
> - understands HTTP not geography 
    
**Q14 What is a data server?<br/>**
> - Where you store your data like gis data
    
**Q15 What is function does a web server perform?<br/>**
> - It can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing efforts to your ArcGIS Server site.
    
**Q16 What is a client?<br/>**
> - The end means by which people interact with the server
    
**Q17 Why are Story Maps good at telling stories?<br/>**
> - Story maps let users create beautiful maps that utilize text images and multi media to tell a striking story in a unique and powerful way.
    
**Q18 What is a practical use for a story map?<br/>**
> - Where wildlife lives data in different places a trip of pictures around the world.
    
**Q19 What is the purpose of a story map?<br/>**
> - A story map is used to show data spatially while also applying an informative narrative to the map.
    
**Q20 Suppose you want to use your organization's existing web server with an ArcGIS server what should you install and why?<br/>**
> - You should install the Web Adaptor since it will allow you to integrate web servers with your ArcGIS server site.
    
**Q21 What is the main thing that the ArcGIS Server does for a web service? <br/>**
> - fulfills requests 
    
**Q22 What is a web server?<br/>**
> - A web server can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site.
    
**Q23 What does IIS stand for?<br/>**
> - Internet Information Systems
    
**Q24 What is ArcGIS Storymap? <br/>**
> - The story maps are web applications that let authors combine beautiful maps with narrative text striking images and multimedia including video. 
    
**Q25 What are the benefits of subscribing to ESRI products?<br/>**
> - You have access to all products and can make en Enterprise account. Having most products available makes working with different types of things easier when they come from the same source including data sources.
    
**Q26 Describe the three server structures you must use for web map hosting and how they fit together to display geographic data over the internet.<br/>**
> - When hosting a web map online one of the servers you will need to utilize is a web-server which will process all requests received from a client. These requests are sent to a GIS server which understands geographic data and fills the request of the web server. The GIS server gets the requested data from a data server which stores all of the data you will use for the web map in an organized manner.
    
**Q27 Why would you install something like Web Adaptor and what are some of its functions?<br/>**
> - You would install Web Adaptor if you need to go beyond the simple hosting of services or if you want to use your organizations existing web server. Web Adaptor allows you to integrate your ArcGIS server with IIS WebSphere WebLogic and other web servers.
    
# Hard
**Q1 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Why is identifying the component that is slowing your system down considered the hardest part of working with servers?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>It is considered the hardest part because there are many components in the system such as the three types of clients and the three types of servers and it is not always apparent which component is causing the slow down.  Even after the individual component such as the GIS server is identified as the source of the problem there are then many reasons that could be contributing to the slow down such as an inadequate number of servers to handle requests or insufficient memory capacity.  It is only after the source and specific problem are identified that a solution can be implemented to improve service speed and user experience.</p>  <br>
    
**Q2 What happens from the client to the data server?<br/>**
> - From the client it goes to the web server which is a much broader server. From there it goes to the GIS server which is more defined. At the GIS server there are more ports and admins who help make the process smoother. From the GIS server it goes to the data server.  
    
**Q3 Where should you start troubleshooting if your site is having problems?<br/>**
> - The client end
    
**Q4 What are the positive and negative points of server site archecture?<br/>**
> - The hardest part of this is finding what is wrong. You know it either has to be the web server gis servers or data servers. If can be either the you need more servers or need more memory. It is simple in the sense that it has to be of these but can be hard to see what is wrong with a spesific component for more servers or memory.
    
**Q5 Where can you also access data from for GIS servers?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Access it from a central data repository such as a shared network folder or an enterprise geodatabase.</span>
    
**Q6 What is the ArcGIS server? <br/>**
> - It can consist of one or many machines working together. It draws maps runs tools queries data and performs any other action you can do with a service. 
    
**Q7 How can you access data from a data server?<br/>**
> - The user can either place the data directly on each GIS server or access it from a central data repository.
    
**Q8 What can a GIS Server do for you?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>It can draw maps runs tools queries data and perform any other action you can do with a service</span>.</span>
    
**Q9 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> ArcGIS Servers can be organized in groups called clusters. Each cluster runs a dedicated subset of services as configured by the server administrator.  </span>How can these clusters be useful?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> You could create one cluster to run all your map services and another cluster of servers (perhaps with higher processing power) to run your geoprocessing services. </span>
    
**Q10 How do you trouble-shoot a page that is not loading?<br/>**
> - You open the page and see waht the errors are on the page. You can isolate where the problem begins and work your way through the list of errors adding resources and alleviating the stress on the slow pieces of the page until the page is successfully running. 
    
**Q11 Name the windows and non-windows(AMP) servers.<br/>**
> - windows-iis</p>  <p>non-windows-Apache
    
**Q12 name the hierarchy of a server site architecture<br/>**
> - 1)ArcGis server site (web mobile &amp; desktop clients)</p>  <p>2)Web server &amp; Web adapter</p>  <p>3)GIS servers (arcgis for desktop users GIS server administrators)</p>  <p>4)Data server
    
**Q13 How many servers need to be maintained and which are they? <br/>**
> - Web server</p>  <p>GIS server</p>  <p>Data server</p>  <p>All 3 need to be maintained for each client using it.
    
**Q14 Why is it hard to troubleshoot arc gis server site architectures <br/>**
> - BECAUSE it can be any part of the architecture that is the problem
    
**Q15 What is unique about the set up of a GIS Server and what subsequent function makes this set up important?<br/>**
> - GIS Servers are unique in the fact that they can be comprised of one machine or many. With all these machines having access to the same data this allows the administrator to adjust the number of participating machines based on the demand.
    
**Q16 Whats the advantage of clusters?<br/>**
> - Dedicated servers that have single tasks that dont interfer with other servers
    
**Q17 What is a client and how does it interact within the system<br/>**
> - A client is like your mobile phone or web browser it serves as the link between the user and the site/service.
    
**Q18 What do you do if you need more features in ArcGIS Online in addition to what the template lets you do?<br/>**
> - Create your own widgets for your story map.
    
**Q19 What is a client and how is it related to the data server?<br/>**
> - The client is the device that is accessing data from the data server through the web server. This interaction is the basis of websites. 
    
**Q20 Suppose you have a service that hardly anyone uses on your server how many threads should you have running at all times and why?<br/>**
> - You should set the service to have 0 threads running since it will open the process when it is needed.
    
**Q21 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What would be the reason for supplementing the ArcGIS Server machine with an enterprise web server?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>for more functionality such as the ability to host web apps</span>
    
**Q22 Why is a GIS server important?<br/>**
> - It fulfills requests to your web services. It draw maps runs tools queries data and performs any other action you can do with a service.
    
**Q23 What are examples of Database servers that are not free?<br/>**
> - Microsoft SQL and Oracle
    
**Q24 What is a good way to start the story map? <br/>**
> - It is good to brainstorm the idea of the story. The data used in the storymap usually has something to do with locations. A good start point is to use some traveling photos.
    
**Q25 Why are StoryMaps becoming more popular?<br/>**
> - They can be used for news stories or interest pieces to inform users and can even be used for marketing purposes to display activities or interesting facts.
    
**Q26 Explain the term &quot;thrashing&quot; in relation to limited server memory space. How would this impact your web map and how do you fix it?<br/>**
> - Thrashing is the term for when you exhaust your available memory so the server must then start to write everything to the disk that should be going to memory. This data is then called up as it would be if it were stored in the memory. This increases processing time since you are adding extra steps to a normally quick process. If you encounter this issue you need to provide more memory to which ever system is experiencing the issue.
    
**Q27 How are ArcGIS servers organized and what does that specific type of organization do?<br/>**
> - They are organized in groups called clusters and each cluster runs a designated subset of services as configured by the administrator. 
    
