# Easy
**Q1 Which is not a portal for ArcGIS Components?<br/>**
> - Dashboard Viewer
> - Map Viewer
> - Scene Viewer
> - Web AppBuilder
    
**Q2 Portal for ArcGIS can do all of the following except:<br/>**
> - Analyze data automatically
> - Create save and share web maps and scenes
> - Create and host web mapping apps
> - Search for GIS content within your organization
    
**Q3 Which of the following is a component of Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - All are correct
> - Map viewer
> - ArcGIS Apps
> - Scene viewer
    
**Q4 Which one is a <span style=font-size: small;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);>component of ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization?</span><br/>**
> - HTML
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - At 10:30 am
    
**Q5 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>In order to publish web app based on a map authored with what? </span> <br/>**
> - map viewer
> - map box
> - map point
> - all the above
    
**Q6 Which of these is not a component of Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Interactive Dashboard
> - Map Viewer
> - Living Atlas of the World
> - ArcGIS Apps
    
**Q7 <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>what is used when creating an app with a shared map?</span><br/>**
> - A&B
> - A. configurable app template
> - B. Web AppBuilder
> - C. App Store
    
**Q8 What is the the link between the user and the site or service?<br/>**
> - Client
> - Web Server
> - Vector
> - GIS server
    
**Q9 What can you not do with the <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS Enterprise portal?</span><br/>**
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - <span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;> <span style=color: rgb(36
> - 41
    
**Q10 When using ArcGIS Portal who is responsible for updating and managing the data?<br/>**
> - The user
> - ArcGIS
> - ESRI
> - No updating is needed ever
    
**Q11 Which should part of the Portal an inexperienced GIS student use?<br/>**
> - Enterprise Portal website
> - developer API connected to portal
> - ArcGIS desktop
> - backend of Portal
    
**Q12 T or F: Portal for ArcGIS gives ESRI access to your data<br/>**
> - F
> - T
> - that sounds suspicious
> - ESRI will rule the world
    
**Q13 Fill in the blank </p>  <p><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>The front-end ArcGIS Enterprise portal is powered by the ________ infrastructure of Portal for ArcGIS</span>.</span> <br/>**
> - back-end
> - side-end
> - left-end
> - right-end
    
**Q14 what can ArcGIS Enterprise portal do<br/>**
> - all of above
> - create share and store maps
> - create group
> - input layer package to arcgis
    
**Q15 ArcGIS Enterprise allows you to share ...?<br/>**
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - True or False Portal for ArcGIS supports user friendly applications?
> - Question ID 6
    
**Q16 data storage?<br/>**
> - Online storage that allows you to keep things in the cloud rather than using the storage on your computer.
> - data bought online
> - similar to html
> - a way to write code
    
**Q17 Can ArcGIS Portal share maps?<br/>**
> - Yes and many other things
> - No
> - It is actually a portal to the nether
> - It is useless and does not do anything
    
**Q18 Name a few functions available in Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Search GIS Content in your organization
> - Create share and save web maps and scenes
> - Share map and layer packages for use in ArcGIS Desktop
    
**Q19 With Portal you can?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - Create save and share web maps and scenes
> - Create and host web mapping apps
> - Search for GIS content within your organization
    
**Q20 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>At the front end of the<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span>ArcGIS<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;> portal users sign in to do which of the following?</span><br/>**
> - Question ID 6
> - Enter your answer for question 2.
> - Portal helps you create and share new maps and apps.
> - Question ID 7
    
**Q21 Do you have to pay credits once you already pay subscriber credit for ArcGIS Portal?<br/>**
> - NO
> - YES
> - Dependes on what level of subscriber you are
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q22 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which of the following features can you do with Portal for ArcGIS?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - All of these
> - Create save and share web maps and scenes
> - Search for GIS content within your organization
> - Share links to GIS apps
    
**Q23 what is the most common<br/>**
> - arc gis portal
> - arc online
> - arc gis
> - web mercator
    
**Q24 What is ArcGIS Enterprise?<br/>**
> - a portal
> - a spaceship
> - an app
> - none of these
    
**Q25 Which of the following options is involved user's front-end interaction with your ArcGIS system?<br/>**
> - Web
> - Portal for ArcGIS
> - ArcGIS Server
> - Data
    
**Q26 At what part of the arcGIS enterprise portal website can people log in search use and share content?<br/>**
> - Does not exist
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - What is a benefit of the ArcGIS enterprise portal for administrators? 
    
**Q27 Which is not a Portal for ArcGIS component? <br/>**
> - None of the above
> - Scene Viewer
> - Map Viewer
> - Activity Dashboard for ArcGIS
    
**Q28 What is arcgis portal?<br/>**
> - A searchable repsitory
> - garbage
> - more stuff esri is trying to sell me
> - pointless
    
**Q29 What is the ESRI service that is a component of ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization?<br/>**
> - Gateway for ArcGIS
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - Can you link portals together? How?
    
**Q30 What is NOT a component for Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Mobile AppBuilder
> - Web AppBuilder
> - ArcGIS apps
> - Map Viewer
    
**Q31 Which of the followings are components in the portal for ArcGIS? <br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Map Viewer
> - ArcGIS Apps
> - Scene Viewer
    
**Q32 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>The _________________________ brings together all the geographic information in your ArcGIS platform and shares it throughout your organization. </span><br/>**
> - ArcGIS Enterprise portal
> - ArcGIS online
> - Github
> - Leaflet
    
**Q33 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>With ArcGIS Enterprise portal you can:</span><br/>**
> - All of the above
> - Create save and share web maps and scenes.
> - Create and host web mapping apps.
> - Search for GIS content within your organization.
    
**Q34 Which of the following does NOT go into your data in the visual for Portal's role in ArcGIS platform?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Server
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - What is Portal's role in ArcGIS Platform?
    
**Q35 Which of the following is not a component of Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Portal Viewer
> - Activity Dashboard
> - Web AppBuilder
> - Scene Viewer
    
**Q36 What powers the front end of ArcGIS Enterprise Portal? <br/>**
> - Back-end infrastructure
> - Virtual Machine
> - Neuron Core Matrix
> - Mouse on a tradmill
    
**Q37 What can you do with portal for arcgis?<br/>**
> - Create save and share web maps and scenes
> - Run games
> - Let you share code
> - Run geoproccesing tools
    
**Q38 IIs Arc onlinee easy to use?<br/>**
> - Bo
> - Yes
> - Everyone knows it
> - It's very sinple
    
# Medium
**Q1 What is Portal's role in the ArcGIS Platform?<br/>**
> - Portal helps organize your information within the Arc system in order to extract data and share it as efficientty as possible.
    
**Q2 What is Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - A  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>component of ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization</span> 
    
**Q3 What is the Portal's role in ArcGIS Platform?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);>Portal in ArcGIS Platform has a role of organizing and sharing information within the ArcGIS system as well as <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>helping create and share new maps and apps.</span></span>
    
**Q4 At 10:30 am what did Randall send to GIS analyst Nicole?<br/>**
> - A CSV file with address information on each property.
    
**Q5 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What does the portal provide? </span> <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>it is user-friendly searchable repository for your maps and apps. It also helps you create and share new maps and apps.</span>
    
**Q6 Suppose you want to access ArcGIS Online services as well as portal through the same service. How would you determine which method is the best?<br/>**
> - You should perform load testing using expected use cases and measure the performance of each method.
    
**Q7 <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is the ArcGIS Portal Directory?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>an interactive view of the ArcGIS REST API's resources for working with the portal</span>
    
**Q8 List the benefits of a web server. <br/>**
> - A webserver can host applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site. 
    
**Q9 <span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;> <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What can a portal administrator</span> do?</span><br/>**
> - They <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>can customize the ArcGIS Enterprise portal to fit your organization's look and feel.</span>
    
**Q10 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is the one of the best features of </span>ArcGIS<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> online?</span><br/>**
> - You do not have to give your proprietary data to ESRI.
    
**Q11 What is the <span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS</span>?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>An embedded interactive app for designing and building web applications from your web maps. Applications you create with Web AppBuilder require no programming knowledge and are HTML-based meaning they work on desktop browsers tablets and smartphones without needing a plugin. Web AppBuilder comes with a variety of themes you can customize and widgets that allow you to deliver advanced functionality such as high-quality printing geoprocessing editing and search.</span>
    
**Q12 What is a big reason a company would be interested in Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Portal for ArcGIS takes the same accessibility of ArcGIS online while limiting the data created simply to your organization. It allows greater control over things such as proprietary data that you do not want shared with everyone.
    
**Q13 What does Map Viewer allow you to do?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>This app within the portal website allows you to view design and save web maps</span>.</span>
    
**Q14 what is the advantage of portal use for ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - allowed some company use this instead of storing and share their data with ESRI due to some data privacy issue. 
    
**Q15 True or False Portal for ArcGIS supports user friendly applications?<br/>**
> - TRUE
    
**Q16 What is ArcGIS portal?<br/>**
> - A way to host your own map and other data online for it to be an actual website.
    
**Q17 What is Portal for ArcGIS? Explain.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Portal for ArcGIS is a component of ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization.</span>
    
**Q18 What is the purpose for having a Portal?<br/>**
> - To give security to organizations who use online ESRI services but do not want data or other information shared with or stored in ESRI servers where it is accessible to other people than the organization. 
    
**Q19 What are some of the Portal for ArcGIS components?<br/>**
> - The ArcGIS Enterprise Portal Website MapViewer and Web Appbuilder for ArcGIS
    
**Q20 What is one of the most beneficial aspects of Portal?<br/>**
> - Portal helps you create and share new maps and apps.
    
**Q21 What is ArcGIS Portal and what benifits does it have for companies?<br/>**
> - It allows you to set up your own version of arcgis online</p>  <p>this befits companies because it keeps the information within their portal and is not uploaded to Esri online. it also allows to organize the projects better.
    
**Q22 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>List and explain 3 Portal for ArcGIS components.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>One component is the ArcGIS Enterprise portal website which is at the front end of the portal where users can sign in to search use and share content.  A second component is Scene Viewer which is used for viewing 3D geospatial content.  A third component is the ArcGIS Portal Directory which is an interactive view of the ArcGIS REST API's resources for working with the portal.</p>  <br>
    
**Q23 what is the purpose of the arc portal<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> At the front end of the portal users sign in to search use and share content.</span>
    
**Q24 What are the benefits/cons of having your own portal/server?<br/>**
> - No one else can access your data unless they are given permission but you now have to manage that cloud yourself.
    
**Q25 What is Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - A component of ArcGIS Enterprize that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization. 
    
**Q26 What is a benefit of the ArcGIS enterprise portal for administrators? <br/>**
> - It is good for integrating a one sign in and if you fire someone you can just disable their one account and they cannot access anything. 
    
**Q27 What is Portal's role in an ArcGIS system?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>It provides a user-friendly searchable repository for your maps and apps and it helps you create and share new maps and apps.</span>
    
**Q28 Why is it good to know Arc Enterprise?<br/>**
> - Because most people do not know how to use it
    
**Q29 Can you link portals together? How?<br/>**
> - Yes you can link portals together a process called federating which spreads the load and shares data (discoverable by other locations). You can also link it to ArcOnline.
    
**Q30 What is Portal for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Portal for ArcGIS is a component of ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization.
    
**Q31 What can you do with ArcGIS Enterprise portal?<br/>**
> - Create save and share web maps and scenes create and host wep mapping apps share links to GIS apps and more. 
    
**Q32 ArcGIS Enterprise portal allows its users to accomplish a variety of tasks. What are two things that it allows its users to do?  <br/>**
> - 1.) Create and host web mapping apps</p>  <p>2.) <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Create groups to share GIS information with colleagues.</span>  <br>
    
**Q33 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Activity Dashboard for ArcGIS allows you to do what?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The website includes an embedded app that reports various usage statistics for items users and groups. Portal administrators can use this information to monitor reports information and metrics detailing activities in the organization. To learn more see About usage reports.</span>
    
**Q34 What is Portal's role in ArcGIS Platform?<br/>**
> - Its role is that it provides a user-friendly searchable repository for your maps and apps and create and share new ones as well.
    
**Q35 Define Portal for ArcGIS and its purpose.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Portal for ArcGIS is a component of ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic information with other people in your organization.</span>
    
**Q36 What does ArcGIS enterprise portal allow your to do within your organization<br/>**
> - It allows users to create and share maps and scenes. Host web mapping apps search for content within an organization create groups to share data share links to gis apps and share map and layer packages.
    
**Q37 Why would you want portal for arcgis?<br/>**
> - So you can keep your own data safe and inside of your company
    
**Q38 What us something that Tamu HIS graduates will know that very few people in the workforce will know?<br/>**
> - ARCGIS Enterprise
    
# Hard
**Q1 Where is your data stored in ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Data is stored in the ArcGIS server which is located in the portal for ArcGIS which is available through any web mobile or desktop application.
    
**Q2 How is Portal for ArcGIS applicable in the workplace?<br/>**
> - Portal for ArcGIS provides a common workspace for different members of a workplace. Within this space all members can review edit notate and collaborate on the project at hand.
    
**Q3 Of the Portal for ArcGIS components  what is the role of the ArcGIS Enterprise portal website?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Enterprise portal website is the 'entrance ' of the portal allowing users to sign in use and share contents.</span>
    
**Q4 What is the purpose of administrator tools with the ArcGIS Enterprise portal?<br/>**
> - They allow the management of users groups and content. 
    
**Q5 What are some of the Portal ArcGIS compounds?  <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The ArcGIS Enterprise portal website  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS Map viewer  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Activity Dashboard for ArcGIS etc</span> </span></span>
    
**Q6 Suppose your company wants something similar to ArcGIS Online but is not willing to send their proprietary data online. Which service should they use and why?<br/>**
> - Portal for ArcGIS allows you to share geographic information throughout your organization just like with ArcGIS online but with the ability to customize and organize it and keep the server within your organization. However your organization will now need to maintain and manage the portal.
    
**Q7 <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>how to support a combination of internal and external users</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>deploy two portals: one behind your firewall and one that is exposed to the web</span>
    
**Q8 What would you use an ArcGIS server for?<br/>**
> - To draw maps run tools to query data and basically preform any action you need to do with a service. 
    
**Q9 Why would one want to use <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS?</span> <br/>**
> - Web AppBuilder makes it very simple to create and use webpages and make them interactive for others to use.
    
**Q10 When using ArcGIS Portal and running your own servers what is one expense you will be responsible for?  <br><br/>**
> - The user will have to pay for a subscriber content fee. 
    
**Q11 What is the significance of ArcGIS portal?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>It makes GIS accessible for users of all experience levels. Geographic viewers are designed for those who are just beginning with GIS so not much technical knowledge is needed while experienced GIS users can connect to the portal from ArcGIS Desktop developer APIs and other applications.</span>
    
**Q12 What is one of the downsides to Portal vs. normal ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - With normal ArcGIS online all the backups and updates and maintenance is handled by ESRI. But in Portal you must take care of all the maintenance because Portal does not give ESRI access.
    
**Q13 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Which </span>ArcGIS<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> enterprise </span>portal<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> allows you to view 3d </span>geospatial<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> content?</span><br/>**
> - Scene viewer 
    
**Q14 What would happen with portal if one employee leaves or fired by the company? or change your company work with other company with more data source<br/>**
> - Use Administrator tools to delete the user's account. Link portal to other companies' portal.
    
**Q15 How does portal for ArcGIS play a central role for organizing and sharing information within your ArcGIS system?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The portal provides a user-friendly searchable repository for your maps and apps. It also helps you create and share new maps and apps.</span>
    
**Q16 How do you pick your ArcGIS portal?<br/>**
> - Lug testing you put in how much traffic and layers and test it with normal requests that users would make to see which errors come back.
    
**Q17 What are the Portal ArcGIS components?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Map Viewer <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS </span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ArcGIS apps and ArcGIS Portal Directory</span></span>
    
**Q18 What is Data Appliance for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - A way for a deployment without internet access to supply the same services found on ArcGIS online all hosted behind the organization's firewall.
    
**Q19 What is Portal's role in ArcGIS platform?<br/>**
> - Organizing and sharing information within your ArcGIS system
    
**Q20 What happens if a map in a web app is made private?<br/>**
> - The map will no longer appear in the app. 
    
**Q21 What are Portal Apps?<br/>**
> - A published web app is based on a map authored with Map Viewer. Any changes the author makes to the map including its extent layers description and so on are reflected in the web app. If a map that was available to everyone in the organization is made private (or deleted) the map no longer appears in the app
    
**Q22 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Explain a situation in which you might want to deploy 2 portals.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>You might want to deploy 2 portals if you want to support a combination of internal and external users.  One portal would be behind your firewall while the other is exposed to the web.  This works well when you want full control over the data location and updates or if your data is not allowed to be hosted offsite.</p>  <br>
    
**Q23 what is the webb app builder<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The portal website includes an embedded interactive app for designing and building web applications from your web maps. Applications you create with Web AppBuilder require no programming knowledge and are HTML-based meaning they work on desktop browsers tablets and smartphones without needing a plugin. Web AppBuilder comes with a variety of themes you can customize and widgets that allow you to deliver advanced functionality such as high-quality printing geoprocessing editing and search. To learn more see About Web AppBuilder for ArcGIS.</span>
    
**Q24 How do you create a 3D map in ArcGIS online?<br/>**
> - Create a new scene
    
**Q25 What the ArcGIS Portal Directory allow you to do?<br/>**
> - The portal directory is an interactive view of the ArcGIS REST API's resources for working with the portal which enables to organize administrative tasks such as unregistering the ArcGIS Web Adaptor (IIS) among other functions.
    
**Q26 Why might one deploy two portals?<br/>**
> - If they want to support a combination of internal and external users. 
    
**Q27 What is the benefit of using Portal in a company setting?<br/>**
> - Employees can create and share maps and apps with others in a quick and easy way. 
    
**Q28 Why is it sometimes better to have a local cloud rather than one run by arcgis?<br/>**
> - Because you sometimes do not want esri having access to propietary data
    
**Q29 What is load testing and why would you want to do it for your Portal?<br/>**
> - Load testing is seeing how much traffic your service can handle to then decide if your server is good enough for maintaining service functionality or if you need to upgrade your server/memory or break it up across multiple.
    
**Q30 What is the role in Portal in the ArcGIS platform?<br/>**
> - It plays a central role in organizing and sharing information within your ArcGIS system.
    
**Q31 What is the portal's role in ArcGIS platform?<br/>**
> - Portal for ArcGIS plays a central role in organizing and sharing information within your ArcGIS system. The portal provides a user-friendly searchable repository for your maps and apps. It also helps you create and share new maps and apps. 
    
**Q32 What is ArcGIS Portal Directory? <br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>The ArcGIS Portal Directory is an interactive view of the ArcGIS REST API's resources for working with the portal. </span>
    
**Q33 Why would you want to use ArcGIS Enterprise portal from a company standpoint?<br/>**
> - You can have the power of ArcGIS online without giving company proprietary data to ESRI. This also allows for flexible use of working with apps maps and other ESRI products. This organizes data well for a company that makes obtaining data better. A drawback is that you then have to manage the infrastructure of ArcGIS portal because you will then be independent of ESRI. 
    
**Q34 Describe Portal for ArcGIS.<br/>**
> - It is a component for ArcGIS Enterprise that allows you to share maps scenes apps and other geographic info with other people in your organization.
    
**Q35 What should you do if you want to support a combination of interal and external users within your ArcGIS System?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>You might deploy two portals: one behind your firewall and one that is exposed to the web. This works well when you want full control over the data location and updates or if your data is not allowed to be hosted offsite. An alternative is to use an organizational subscription to ArcGIS Online for your external-facing apps and services.</span>
    
**Q36 Why would a company want their own private arcGIS online cloud<br/>**
> - If they are storing propriatary data that they dont want to be public information. Their own personal cloud will allow them to store the data without it becoming public information.
    
**Q37 Dose arc gis portal support Web apps<br/>**
> - Yes you can and it is your company app so you are the only one that can use it
    
**Q38 True or False  Arc Enterprise is a cloud system ?<br/>**
> - True 
