# Easy
**Q1 <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>You can publish feature layers from any of the following to be hosted on your ArcGIS Enterprise portal except: </span><br/>**
> - Javascript
> - Comma-separated values (CSV) files
> - Microsoft Excel files (.xlsx or .xls)
> - GeoJSON files or zipped shapefiles
    
**Q2 The identity store for your portal does what?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - defines where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored
> - how authentication occurs
> - how group membership is managed
    
**Q3 Fill in the blank.</p>  <p>Built-in identitu store allows for the p<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>ortal for ArcGIS to preconfigure so you can easily _______ accounts and groups in your portal</span>.</span> <br/>**
> - create
> - dismantle
> - remove
> - copy
    
**Q4 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which of the following does identity store define?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - All of these
> - Where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored
> - How authentication occurs
> - How group membership is managed
    
**Q5 What company creates “Enterprise”<br/>**
> - ESRI
> - Google
> - Amazon
> - Bing
    
**Q6 what is the prerequisite for sharing your items with the portal<br/>**
> - you have privileges
> - you have data
> - you have account
> - you have an access
    
**Q7 Portal for ArcGIS supports two types of identity stores. Which ones are they?<br/>**
> - Built-in and Enterprise
> - Amazon and Google
> - Firefox and Chrome
> - Apple and Microsoft
    
**Q8 Which feature layers can be posted on an ArcGIS Enterprise portal?<br/>**
> - All of these
> - CSV files
> - Microsoft excel files
> - ArcGIS Pro maps
    
**Q9 What dose SAML stand for?<br/>**
> - Security Assertion Markup language
> - Sum Add Mark language
> - Security Assertion math languages
> - Staff at market language
    
**Q10 What is the t<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>he advantage of the Enterprise Identity store?</span><br/>**
> - you do not need to create additional accounts within the portal
> - you can add many accounts to choose who has access
> - leveraging the built-in identity store
> - add a built-in account to your portal and start contributing content to the organization or access resources created by other members
    
**Q11 What does LDAP stand for?<br/>**
> - Lightweight Directory Access Protocol
> - Linear Directory Access Protocal
> - Linear Domain Access Protocal
> - Lightweight Domain Access Protocal
    
**Q12 Which role allows the user to publish content in ARC Online<br/>**
> - Publisher
> - Viewer
> - User
> - King
    
**Q13 True or False. Portal for ArcGIS does NOT allow you to manage users of the portal.<br/>**
> - F
> - T
> - eh
> - the what
    
**Q14 What is one of the Identity Stores?<br/>**
> - Enterprise identity store
> - Built-out identity store
> - Not-in identity store
> - Portal identity store
    
**Q15 True or False: ArcEnterprise is a cloud based system? <br/>**
> - True
> - False
> - <Unanswered>
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q16 What is a potential breaking point in the  system if it gets overloaded?<br/>**
> - Load Balancer
> - Portal
> - Content Directory
> - Web Adapter
    
**Q17 What is an Identity Store for Portal?<br/>**
> - Identity management system. Usernames passwords credentials.
> - Anti-Identity theft software
> - Storage of personality quizzes
> - All of your Driver's Licenses
    
**Q18 Which of the following is not a requirement for configuring a portal?<br/>**
> - Desktop
> - Load Balancer
> - Portal for ArcGIS
> - Content Directory
    
**Q19 Which of the following is not part of an ArcGIS portal?<br/>**
> - Identity Stores
> - Load Balancer
> - Web Adaptor
> - Content Directory
    
**Q20 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;>This defines where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored how authentication occurs and how group membership is managed.</span><br/>**
> - Identity store
> - ArcMap
> - ArcGIS Enterprise
> - Google
    
**Q21 Federating an ArcGIS server is optional unless you want to do any of the following EXCEPT: <br/>**
> - Allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in Scene Viewer
> - Configure your site with a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provider
> - Host tile layers feature layers and scene layers published by members of the portal
> - Allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in Map Viewer
    
**Q22 What do you need to view content in 3D?<br/>**
> - Scene Viewer
> - Map Viewer
> - Web app
> - 3D maker
    
**Q23 Which of the following is not a portal?<br/>**
> - Adaptor
> - Administrators
> - primary ArcGIS
> - secondary ArcGIS
    
**Q24 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
> - Question ID 4
> - Answer 1 (correct) [a]<br>Answer 2 (incorrect) [b]<br>Answer 3 (incorrect) [c]<br>Answer 4 (incorrect) [d]
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q25 What does SAML stand for?<br/>**
> - Security Assertion Markup Language
> - Sams Action Markup language
> - Security Action markup list
> - Security Activity Mixing List
    
**Q26 Federating servers are useful if you want to do the following:<br/>**
> - Allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in Map Viewer. When you add a server to your portal as described in this topic you are federating the server with the portal. A server that has been added to your portal is called a federated server.
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - What  are the differences between viewers users and publishers within enterprise?
    
**Q27 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>The ______________ for your portal defines where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored how authentication occurs and how group membership is managed. </span><br/>**
> - identity store
> - user profile
> - username
> - account credentials
    
**Q28 What kind of identity store must you use to create the initial administrator account for your portal?<br/>**
> - Built-in
> - Enterprise
> - built-in and enterprise
> - None of the above
    
**Q29 By default most people given ArcGIS accounts are assigned which of the fllowing roles?<br/>**
> - user
> - viewer
> - publisher
> - administrator
    
**Q30 What are some of the big things that ArcGIS portal lets you do?<br/>**
> - Two of the above
> - Management of users
> - Management of data
> - Management of IP addresses
    
**Q31 What does LDAP stand for?<br/>**
> - Lightweight Directory Access Protocol
> - Lightweight Directory Access Process
> - Lightweight Directory Access Program
> - None of the above
    
**Q32 which of the following is  NOT a role in an arcgis enterprise organization? <br/>**
> - creator
> - user
> - publisher
> - administrator
    
**Q33 What does LDAP stand for?<br/>**
> - Lightweight Directory Access Protocol
> - Lightyear Directory Access Protocol
> - Lightweight Directory Access Professional
> - Lightweight Database Access Protocol
    
**Q34 What is the place where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored how authentication occurs and how groups are managed? <br/>**
> - Identity Store
> - Database
> - User File
> - ArcGIS
    
**Q35 What is one thing to be aware of in server architecture?<br/>**
> - bottlenecks
> - ip addresses
> - ad banners
> - data sinks
    
**Q36 Which identity store enables single sign on for users?<br/>**
> - Enterprise
> - Built-in
> - User Access
> - SSO
    
# Medium
**Q1 <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Is editing enabled on hosted feature layers?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=Apple-converted-space>No </span>but you can enable editing from ArcGIS Pro when you initially publish or overwrite an existing feature layer.</span>
    
**Q2 Portal for ArcGIS supports 2 types of identity stores. What are they?<br/>**
> - built-in and enterprise
    
**Q3 Federation is an option unless you do what?<br/>**
> - Configure a site with a SAML host layer tiles or allow members to perform spatial analysis in map viewer. 
    
**Q4 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Describe 3 cases in which federating an ArcGIS Server site is not optional.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Three cases in which federating is not optional is when you want to configure your site with a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provider host tile layers feature layers and scene layers published by members of the portal and allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in Map Viewer.</p>  <br>
    
**Q5 What is Enterprise used for?<br/>**
> - <div class=c-image-switcher-bodycopy style=font-size: 17.0px;line-height: 25.0px;max-width: 600.0px;color: rgb(767676);font-family: &quot;Avenir Next W01&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next W00&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next&quot;  Avenir  &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;>   <p style=>It provides you with a complete GIS that runs behind your firewall in your infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud and works with your enterprise systems and policies.</p>  </div>  <div class=c-image-switcher-links c-image-switcher-links--3 style=height: 128.0px;margin-right: auto;margin-left: auto;max-width: 256.0px;color: rgb(767676);font-family: &quot;Avenir Next W01&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next W00&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next&quot;  Avenir  &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 17.0px;></div>  <br>
    
**Q6 What consist a highly available portal  <br><br/>**
> - Load balancer</p>  <p>Highly available file server</p>  <p>Two Portal for ArcGIS machines</p>  <p>ArcGIS Web Adaptor</p>  <p>ArcGIS GIS Server
    
**Q7 Describe federating services.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Federating an ArcGIS Server site with your portal integrates the security and sharing models of your portal with one or more ArcGIS Server sites </span>
    
**Q8 What is the first step of sharing content in ArcGIS enterprise?<br/>**
> - Add the content to your portal.
    
**Q9 What is Federating servers arcgis?<br/>**
> - Is putting server together with (saml) So they can all work with each other.
    
**Q10 What is the built-in identity store useful for?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The built-in identity store is useful to get your portal up and running and also for development and testing. However production environments typically leverage an enterprise identity store.</span></span>
    
**Q11 True or False SAML stands for Security Assertion Markup Language?<br/>**
> - TRUE
    
**Q12 Why do you need an SSL certificate?<br/>**
> - To ensure that the server that you are talking to is the actual one you want to be communicating with. 
    
**Q13 What is LDAP and SAML? What do they do?<br/>**
> - Lightweight Directory Access Protocol. Security Assertion Markup Language. LDAP is a server that acts as an identity store. SAML is the language for a web single sign on. LDAP is the list of users and SAML is the security it is run through to allow the users to connect to the organization with a single log in.
    
**Q14 What can you do if you are federating servers?<br/>**
> - Configure your site with a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provider</p>  <p>Host tile layers feature layers and scene layers published by members of the portal.</p>  <p>Allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in Map Viewer. When you add a server to your portal as described in this topic you are federating the server with the portal. A server that has been added to you portal is called a federated server
    
**Q15 What are some benefits of Arc Enterprise? <br/>**
> - You can customize your portal use your own data share your work and collaborate. 
    
**Q16 What is an identity store?<br/>**
> - An identiy store manages credenials of accounts are stored
    
**Q17 What is the difference between Built-in identity store and enterprise identity store? What is a pro or con?<br/>**
> - Built-in is pre-configured so you can easily create accounts and groups in your portal. Enterprise identity is designed so you can use enterprise accounts and groups to control access to your ArcGIS organization. The con of using built-in  is that you are making the store inside of portal so you have to update it manually if user status changes instead of linking it with enterprise or already existing user information.
    
**Q18 How can the user control access to the portal?<br/>**
> - The user can control access by using credentials from your Lightweight Directory Access Protocol server which then identity is provided. 
    
**Q19 Explain the function of an identity store<br/>**
> - An identity store in ArcGIS Portal defines how group membership is managed and how portal accounts are stored and authenticated
    
**Q20 What does LDAP stand for?<br/>**
> - <br>  Lightweight Directory Access Portal 
    
**Q21 What is the order of processes needed to offboard a staff member?<br/>**
> - Their account must first be disabled then their account's data must be transferred to another staff's account then their account must be deleted. 
    
**Q22 Why is Portal important in ArcGIS system?<br/>**
> - It organizes and shares your information within the system. It gives a searchable repository for maps and apps that you have created.
    
**Q23 What are the 2 identity stores?<br/>**
> - Built-In</p>  <p>Enterprise
    
**Q24 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q25 What does LDAP stand for and what does it do?  <br><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) and is used for organizations and companies sign platforms. </span>
    
**Q26 What  are the differences between viewers users and publishers within enterprise?<br/>**
> - Users can see all published data users can create maps and publishers publish maps by users to be accessed by viewers. 
    
**Q27 Why is Portal for ArcGIS preconfigured? <br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>so you can easily create accounts and groups in your portal. </span>
    
**Q28 What is the difference between a built-in identity store and an enterprise identity store?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The built-in identity store is useful to get your portal up and running and also for development and testing. However production environments typically leverage an enterprise identity store.</span>
    
**Q29 If a company loses an employee what happens to their ArcGIS account?<br/>**
> - The company has the option to change the owner so that their material can still be used.  
    
**Q30 What is the main address for the college of Geosceinces?<br/>**
> - geos.tamu.edu
    
**Q31 What is the advantage of highly available portals? <br/>**
> - Makes sure your server is always up and running.
    
**Q32 Define a Web Server<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A web server can host web applications and provide optional security and load balancing benefits to your ArcGIS Server site. If you just need basic hosting of GIS services you can use the site that you create after installing ArcGIS Server.</span>
    
**Q33 What order would you deal with an employee's esri account that was let go of a company?<br/>**
> - <ol>   <li>Dissable member   <li>Change ownership of data   <li>Delete member  </ol>
    
**Q34 Describe what an ArcGIS on line orginzational account is. <br/>**
> - A user account that has been added to an organization panel of your portal website. 
    
**Q35 What is the bounce rate?<br/>**
> - The percent of users on a site that immediately navigate away from the webpage.
    
**Q36 Why should you coordinate with IT staff when configuring a highly available portal?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Configuring high availability is an advanced task that requires an extensive understanding of portal administration scripting and networking. Before you install and configure Portal for ArcGIS you must configure your organization's load balancer to forward requests to the portal software. Additionally you need to set up a file server to contain the portal's content directory and decide how ArcGIS Server will communicate with Portal for ArcGIS. </span>
    
# Hard
**Q1 Why is it so easy to share content in your portal?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Because you can add items from your local machine or the web along with <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>creating and saving items—such as maps scenes and apps—directly in your portal.</span></span>
    
**Q2 SAML stands for?<br/>**
> - Security Assertion Markup Language
    
**Q3 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What does SAML stand for?</span><br/>**
> - Security Assertion Markup Language 
    
**Q4 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What is an advantage to the Enterprise identity store approach?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>An advantage to the Enterprise identity store approach vs. the built-in identity store is that you do not need to create additional accounts within the portal.  Members use the login that is already set up within the enterprise identity store and the management of account credentials is completely external to Portal for ArcGIS.  This enables a single sign-on experience so users will not need to re-enter their credentials.</p>  <br>
    
**Q5 Why would a company want their own server?<br/>**
> - to protect their proprietary data while still being able to use esri products
    
**Q6 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q7 What is the identity store in ArcGIS Portal?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> The identity store for your portal defines where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored how authentication occurs and how group membership is managed </span>
    
**Q8 Can portal for ArcGIS and ArcGIS desktop be used together to share content?<br/>**
> - Yes it is a benefit of using the ArcGIS platform.
    
**Q9 How do you do or make server do high availability ?<br/>**
> - It's either a button you can turn on and you have lots of redundancy 
    
**Q10 What is the significance of Identity Stores?<br/>**
> - They can allow group access to editing special features or debugging. 
    
**Q11 What is one of the reasons Google Analytics is used?<br/>**
> - Tracking the flow of users on your website
    
**Q12 In order to facilitate availability with ports should you have more load balancers at the user end or content end?<br/>**
> - It would be better at the user end since it tends to bottle-neck at that location
    
**Q13 What is the advantage of the LDAP/SAML combination?<br/>**
> - This set up is beneficial because it means you do not have to create additional log-ins within the portal account. The log-ins are all pulled from the enterprise identity store and this allows for single-sign on so users do not have to re-enter cridentials. 
    
**Q14 What is an ArcGIS organizational account?<br/>**
> - It is a user account that has been added to the organization panel of your portal website.
    
**Q15 Is there a way to provide security to your work in Arc Enterprise? <br/>**
> - Yes
    
**Q16 How do you decide who will have what privileges?<br/>**
> - Based off of needs of the user and the organization it should be decided who needs to be user vs administrator. 
    
**Q17 What is federation and why is it useful/necessary?<br/>**
> - Federation or federating is when you have multiple servers that are talking to each other and able to share data through a shared key either through each other or through a specific server made to manage the federation. This is useful and necessary when user need access to data stored on multiple servers such as the case with an ArcGIS Server site where the portal integrates the security and sharing models of your portal with one or more ArcGIS Server sites.
    
**Q18 What does federating in ArcGIS work?<br/>**
> - Federating within ArcGIS Server in your portal integrates the security and sharing models of your portal with one or more ArcGIS Server sites.
    
**Q19 Federating an ArcGIS Server Site is optional unless...<br/>**
> - 1. You configure your site with an SAML identity provider</p>  <p>2. Host layers published by members of your portal</p>  <p>3. Allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in scene viewer
    
**Q20 What is required for your ArcGIS Enterprise deployment to be highly available? <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;>All components of the deployment including the portal must be highly available.</span>
    
**Q21 What is the purpose of an identity store in your portal?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>it defines where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored how authentication occurs and how group membership is managed.</span>
    
**Q22 Do you need the internet for maps and apps?<br/>**
> - No you can use the Data Appliance to supply the same fundamental services that ArcGIS Online provides such as basemaps. This coupled with your data allows the map to run without an Internet connection.
    
**Q23 Define access privileges.<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>defined by whether or not the user accessing your portal is part of the ArcGIS organization</span>
    
**Q24 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q25 What is ransom ware?  <br><br/>**
> - Ransom ware is code that encrypts your computer and only unlocks once you pay a certain amount of money or currency.
    
**Q26 What would a &quot;off-boarding&quot; situation look like while using Enterprise? Why do it like this?<br/>**
> - First disable so they cannot destroy anything within ArcEnterprise. Second would be to change ownership of all of their projects to somebody else. You would want to then delete the person. It is necessary to do it like this because if you were to delete the right away then their projects may be deleted with them.
    
**Q27 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Portal for ArcGIS is designed so you can use enterprise accounts and groups to control access to your ArcGIS organization. </span>What is one advantage of using this approach? <br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;><span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Members use the login that is already set up within the enterprise identity store so there is no </span>need to create additional accounts within the portal.</span>
    
**Q28 Why should you federate an ArcGIS Server?<br/>**
> - Integrates the security and sharing models of your portal with one or more ArcGIS Server sites.
    
**Q29 If you are about to fire an employee what should you do before deleting there account?<br/>**
> - You should first disable that dude's account before deleting the member. 
    
**Q30 How do we know that ArcGIS is not set up to run things such as NetID or like things?<br/>**
> - You have to have a different account for everything you want to do on ArcGIS Online.
    
**Q31 What is the benefit for the Built-In Identity Store?<br/>**
> - It is good for getting the portal up and running and for development and testing.
    
**Q32 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>define what a </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>data</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> server is and give examples</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>You can place your data directly on each GIS server or access it from a central data repository such as a shared network folder or an enterprise geodatabase. Whichever option you choose the data includes all the GIS resources that have been published as services on the ArcGIS Servers. These resources can be maps locators geodatabases and so on.</span>
    
**Q33 What does Federating an ArcGIS server site do?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>Configure your site with a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provider.   <li>Host tile layers feature layers and scene layers published by members of the portal.   <li>Allow members of the portal to perform spatial analysis in Map Viewer. When you add a server to your portal as described in this topic you are federating the server with the portal. A server that has been added to your portal is called a federated server.  </ul>  <br>
    
**Q34 List one thing you cannot do with Federating?<br/>**
> - Configure your site with a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provider. 
    
**Q35 What are Identity Stores (in relation to portal) and what are they used for?<br/>**
> - The identity store for a portal defines the location of the credentials of the portal account. This is used to determine the access of a user to the portal.
    
**Q36 Suppose your are part of a smaller organization that wants to host features and scenes for use on their portal. Do you think the servers should be federated and why?<br/>**
> - Yes the servers can not share these unless the server is federated with the portal. This will impact the external site so the process' changes should be reviewed before federation.
    
