# Easy
**Q1 Is the Northgate bar mapping group going to finish the project this semester?<br/>**
> - No
> - Yes
> - Maybe
> - Don't Know
    
**Q2 what is Raster tile known as?<br/>**
> - tiled map
> - webmap
> - desktop map
> - all of the above
    
**Q3 <span style=font-size: small;>Which of the following tiles make <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>huge maps fast while offering full design flexibility</span> ?<br></span><br/>**
> - Vector tiles
> - Raster tiles
> - Javascript tiles
> - Fast tiles
    
**Q4 Should you register for one of the ESRI workshops?<br/>**
> - Yes
> - No
> - Maybe
> - I don't feel like it
    
**Q5 ______ <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> is a map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet.</span><br/>**
> - Raster tile map
> - Vector tile map
> - Array tile map
> - My map
    
**Q6 Popular frameworks for tiled maps include?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - Google Maps API
> - Open layers
> - Leaflet
    
**Q7 tiles are how many pixels by how many pixels?<br/>**
> - 256x256
> - 254x254
> - 350x240
> - 475x280
    
**Q8 Which of the following is not a Google Map tile convention?<br/>**
> - The Web Mercator projection is used
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - List two major advantages of vector tiles over fully rendered image tiles.
    
**Q9 What is a slippery map?<br/>**
> - A raster tile map
> - A vector tile map
> - A wet map
> - A interactive feature
    
**Q10 What does PNG stand for?<br/>**
> - Portable network graphics
> - Picture network graphics
> - Portable network grid
> - Picture network grid
    
**Q11 Vectors contain geometries and metadata such as the following except one which one?<br/>**
> - Location
> - Road names
> - Place names
> - House numbers
    
**Q12 What dimension of pixels is most Google Map conventions?<br/>**
> - 256x256
> - 60x60
> - 255x255
> - 128x128
    
**Q13 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Vector tiles make huge maps fast while offering full design</span> ...<br/>**
> - Flexibility
> - Stability
> - Mentoring
> - Reliability
    
**Q14 Which of these are not ways to display maps in a JS map?<br/>**
> - ArcServer
> - Vector
> - Raster
> - Vector Tiles
    
**Q15 How do you add a new layer when coding?<br/>**
> - addLayer( )
> - addnew[ ]
> - newLayer( )
> - Layerinput [ ]
    
**Q16 What are the advantages of raster tile maps?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - tiles are relevant each time the user pans
> - allows individual tiles to be pre-computed
> - most popular way to display and navigate maps
    
**Q17 <span style=font-size: small;>what is </span>use<span style=font-size: small;> to  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>display data from a vector tile source </span></span><br/>**
> - MapboxGL JS
> - MapboxXL JS
> - JaveScript
> - you dont
    
**Q18 Which is not a function of the identity store on Arc?<br/>**
> - Organized storage for created shapefiles
> - defines where the credentials of portal accounts are stored
> - how authentication occurs
> - how group membership is managed
    
**Q19 What does png stand for?<br/>**
> - portable network graphics
> - post network graphics
> - portable new graphics
> - portable network gaming
    
**Q20 what can you do with arcGIS enterprise<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - bring in data
> - show your work
> - apply spatial thinking
    
**Q21 What latitude limits of  t<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>he Web Mercator projection is used around?</span><br/>**
> - 30 degree
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - List vector map advantages
    
**Q22 What is also known as a tiled map or slippy map?<br/>**
> - Raster tile maps
> - Vector tile maps
> - Slippy tile maps
> - Google maps
    
**Q23 what does 2 to the power of 0 equal?<br/>**
> - 1
> - 0
> - 2
> - infinity
    
**Q24 What does one use for data from a vector tile source?<br/>**
> - MapBoxGL JS
> - MapBoxJS GL
> - MapBoxRO JS
> - MapBoxGL RO
    
**Q25 Can you use vector tiles in mapbox?<br/>**
> - True
> - False
> - What are vector tiles
> - The Northgate team
    
**Q26 What size are conventional raster tiles in pixels?<br/>**
> - 256x256
> - 144x144
> - 244x244
> - 250x250
    
**Q27 Why does Google Maps run seamlessly<br/>**
> - They use vector tile
> - They use raster tiles
> - There stuff lags
> - Pixilaton
    
**Q28 Most web tiles are _____ x _____ pixels in size?<br/>**
> - 256x256
> - 189x189
> - 482x482
> - 388x388
    
**Q29 Which of the following is NOT a Google Map convention that most tiled web maps follow?<br/>**
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - Define a raster tile map.
> - Question ID 6
    
**Q30 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which of the following is currently the most popular way to display and navigate maps?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - All of these
> - Raster tile map
> - Tiled web map
> - Slippy map
    
**Q31 How many days are there until graduation? <br/>**
> - Less than 3 weeks
> - 118
> - 100
> - 2018
    
**Q32 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The ________________ for your portal defines where the credentials of your portal accounts are stored how authentication occurs and how group membership is managed.</span><br/>**
> - identity store
> - account authentication
> - account store
> - username
    
**Q33 which of the following is NOT a feature of insights for arcgis?<br/>**
> - buffer zone
> - drag and drop interface
> - interactive cards
> - spacial and non-spacial visualizations
    
**Q34 What is another name for a raster tile map?<br/>**
> - slippy map
> - triangle map
> - ml-tc map
> - wet map
    
**Q35 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Raster tile maps are also known as:</span><br/>**
> - A slippy map
> - A vector map
> - A slide map
> - A rendered map
    
**Q36 What does the &quot;Z&quot; stand for in the URL?<br/>**
> - zoom
> - point level
> - depth
> - zero
    
# Medium
**Q1 What are several major advantages to tiled maps?<br/>**
> - Each time the user pans most of the tiles are still relevant and can be kept displayed while new tiles are fetched. This greatly improves the user experience compared to fetching a single map image for the whole viewport. It also allows individual tiles to be pre-computed a task easy to parallelise. Also displaying rendered images served from a web server is much less computationally demanding than rendering images in the browser a benefit over technologies such as WFS.
    
**Q2 what is vector tiles ?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Vector tiles make huge maps fast while offering full design flexibility. They are the vector data equivalent of image tiles for web mapping applying the strengths of tiling – developed for caching scaling and serving map imagery rapidly – to vector data.</span>
    
**Q3 What is the other name for raster tile maps?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Tiled web map or a slippy map </span>
    
**Q4 How common is knowledge of Arc Enterprise in the professional world? <br/>**
> - Not common at all
    
**Q5 What is an advantage of vector tiles?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Vector tiles make huge maps fast while offering full design flexibility.</span>
    
**Q6 .png stands for?<br/>**
> - Portable Network Graphics
    
**Q7 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Vector tiles have what two important advantages over fully rendered image tiles?</span><br/>**
> - styling and size
    
**Q8 List two major advantages of vector tiles over fully rendered image tiles.<br/>**
> - Vector tiles can be styled when requested and the tiles are very small enabling fast map loads efficient caching and  global high resolution maps.
    
**Q9 What is currently the most popular way to display and navigate maps and what are its advantages?<br/>**
> - A raster tile map which seamlessly joins dozens of individually requested image files over the internet. There are several major advantages to this type. Each time the user pans most of the tiles are still relevant and can be kept displayed while new tiles are fetched. It also allows individual tiles to be pre-computed. 
    
**Q10 Will the northgate group finish their project?<br/>**
> - Probably not they dont even come to class
    
**Q11 What is the raster tiling scheme?<br/>**
> - A map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet.
    
**Q12 Vector tiles have 2 important advantages over fully rendered images. Describe them.<br/>**
> - <p style=>Styling - as vectors tiles can be styled when requested allowing for many map styles on global data</p>  <p style=><span style=>Size</span> - vector tiles are really small enabling global high resolution maps fast map loads and efficient caching</p>
    
**Q13 How does rendering work with vector tiles?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Vector tiles are rendered only when requested by a client like a web browser or a mobile app. Rendering happens either in the client (Mapbox GL JS Mapbox iOS SDK Mapbox Android SDK) or on the fly on the server (map API). The specification overview page is a great place to learn more about the Mapbox Vector Tile Specification.</span>
    
**Q14 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is a raster tile map also known as a tiled web map or a slippy map.</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>A map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet.</span>
    
**Q15 What is a raster tile map?<br/>**
> - a map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet
    
**Q16 Differences between raster and vector tiles<br/>**
> - Vector tiles contain vector data instead of the rendered image. Vector tiles are rendered only when requested by a client.
    
**Q17 what is good about using vectors <br/>**
> - it is easy and fast loading while flexible 
    
**Q18 Explain how Insights for ArcGIS works<br/>**
> - Insights allows a user to export data and connect to enterprise databases. Additionally insight allows users to apply spatial analysis for any data and allows the user to provide a step by step model to communicate any notable results.
    
**Q19 What are two important advantages of vector tiles?<br/>**
> - It can be styled and its small size.
    
**Q20 in Insights where is the work done?<br/>**
> - in your workbook
    
**Q21 List vector map advantages<br/>**
> - 1. Data can be represented at its original resolution and form without generalization.</p>  <p>2. Graphic output is usually more aesthetically pleasing (traditional cartographic<span style=background-color: rgb(255255255);> representation).</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: 12.8px;background-color: rgb(255255255);color: rgb(000);>3. Since most data e.g. hard copy maps is in vector form no data conversion is required.</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: 12.8px;background-color: rgb(255255255);color: rgb(000);>4. Accurate geographic location of data is maintained.</span></p>  <p><span style=font-size: 12.8px;background-color: rgb(255255255);color: rgb(000);>5. Allows for efficient encoding of topology and as a result more efficient operations that require topological information e.g. proximity network analysis.</span>
    
**Q22 What is currently the most popular way to display and navigate maps?<br/>**
> - Raster tile maps 
    
**Q23 What do vector tiles contain?<br/>**
> - Vector data instead of rendered images
    
**Q24 What is vector tiles in Javascript code used for?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>this code does is whenever the<span class=Apple-converted-space> </span></span><strong style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>map</strong><span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span class=Apple-converted-space> </span>variable is finished loading this local function is fired up.</span>
    
**Q25 Can you use vector tiles in javascript?<br/>**
> - Yes you can
    
**Q26 What is the outer mosst zoom level?<br/>**
> - the number is 0</p>  <p>and it is the world view
    
**Q27 What is a raster<br/>**
> - Tiles are pixles
    
**Q28 Vector tiles are developed for what?<br/>**
> - caching scaling and serving map imagery rapidly 
    
**Q29 Define a raster tile map.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>a map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet.</span>
    
**Q30 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>List/describe at least 5 Google Maps conventions that most tiled web maps follow.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Conventions include: tiles are 256x256 pixel; at the outermost zoom level (0) the entire world can be rendered in a single map tile; each zoom level doubles in both dimensions so a single tile is replaced by 4 tiles when zooming in; the Web Mercator projection is used with latitude limits of around 85 degrees; and PNG images for tiles.</p>  <br>
    
**Q31 How has this class prepared you for the future? <br/>**
> - This class has given me a new perspective into programming and the way in which computers work?
    
**Q32 When should you configure your ArcGIS Enterprise deployment to be highly available? <br/>**
> - when in an organization where downtime must be minimized 
    
**Q33 Name same of the following conventions used by google's tiled web maps<br/>**
> - <p style=>-Tiles are 256x256 pixels</p>  <p style=>-At the outer most zoom level 0 the entire world can be rendered in a single map tile.</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>-Each zoom level doubles in both dimensions so a single tile is replaced by 4 tiles when zooming in. This means that about 22 zoom levels are sufficient for most practical purposes.</p>  <p style=margin-top: 0.25em;>-The Web Mercator projection is used with latitude limits of around 85 degrees.</p>  <br>
    
**Q34 What is one advantage of tiled maps?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Displaying rendered images served from a web server is much less computationally demanding than rendering images in the browser a benefit over technologies such as WFS.</span>
    
**Q35 List 4 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Google Maps conventions that most<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> tiled web maps follow:</span></span><br/>**
> - <p style=>Tiles are 256x256 pixels. At the outer most zoom level 0 the entire world can be rendered in a single map tile. Each zoom level doubles in both dimensions so a single tile is replaced by 4 tiles when zooming in and the Web Mercator projection is used with latitude limits of around 85 degrees.</p>
    
**Q36 What is the most popular way to display and navigate maps? And give another name for it.<br/>**
> - Raster tile maps or tiled web map or slippy map.
    
# Hard
**Q1 What are the Google Maps conventions that most tiled maps follow?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li>Tiles are 256x256 pixels   <li>At the outer most zoom level 0 the entire world can be rendered in a single map tile.   <li>Each zoom level doubles in both dimensions so a single tile is replaced by 4 tiles when zooming in. This means that about 22 zoom levels are sufficient for most practical purposes.   <li>The Web Mercator projection is used with latitude limits of around 85 degrees.  </ul>
    
**Q2 what are some of the advatages of Raser tile? <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Each time the user pans most of the tiles are still relevant and can be kept displayed while new tiles are fetched. This greatly improves the user experience compared to fetching a single map image for the whole viewport. It also allows individual tiles to be pre-computed a task easy to parallelise.</span>
    
**Q3 What is a tiled web map<br/>**
> - It  <span style=font-size: small;><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>is a map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet.</span> </span>
    
**Q4 Is Arc Pro a staple tool used in the workforce? <br/>**
> - Yes
    
**Q5 What is the difference between a vector and a raster map?<br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q6 Raster tiles are also called?<br/>**
> - tiled web maps or a slippy map
    
**Q7 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The </span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> _</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>_</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> </span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>projection is used</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> with latitude limits of around ___</span><span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> degrees?</span><br/>**
> - web mercator 85 degrees. 
    
**Q8 Suppose you are following a tutorial to implement vector tiles on your project. What should you modify in the example?<br/>**
> - Replace the URL with the URL for your stuff and change styling to look how you want.
    
**Q9 What advantages do vector tiles have over raster tiles?<br/>**
> - The ability to design every aspect of the map. Tiles can be styled when requested allowing for many map styles on global data. The size difference also makes a huge difference. The vector tiles are really small enabling global high resolution maps fast map loads and efficient caching.
    
**Q10 What are the advantages of using Vector tiles?<br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Vector tiles make huge maps fast while offering full design flexibility.</span>
    
**Q11 What are and what do vector tiles do?<br/>**
> - They are the vector data equivalent of image tiles for web mapping applying the strengths of tiling to vector data.
    
**Q12 Describe what vector data contains and give some examples.<br/>**
> - They contain geometries and metadata iin a structured and compact format.</p>  <p>Some examples are road names place names house numbers.
    
**Q13 <span style=margin: 0.0px;padding: 0.0px;border: 0.0px;outline: 0.0px;font-weight: 400;font-style: normal;font-size: 16.0px;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Additonial conventions are for raster data formats include:</span><br/>**
> - <ul style=padding-left: 2.0em;margin-top: 0.0px;margin-bottom: 16.0px;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>   <li style=>An X and Y numbering scheme   <li style=margin-top: 0.25em;>PNG images for tiles   <li style=margin-top: 0.25em;>Images are served through a Web server with a URL like http://.../Z/X/Y.png where Z is the zoom level and X and Y identify the tile. To display a tiled map in a browser usually requires the support of a web mapping framework. This framework handles the retrieval of tiles display caching and user navigation. Popular frameworks for tiled maps include Google Maps API OpenLayers and Leaflet.  </ul>  <br>
    
**Q14 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is advantageous about vector tile maps?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>The great thing about vector tiles is showing an insane amount of data at once with little to no performance hit like you would experience loading that much data from an ArcServer as GeoJSON.</span>
    
**Q15 What are the 2 advantages that vector tile maps have?<br/>**
> - Styling as vectors tiles can be styled when requested allowing for many map styles on global data and Sizevector tiles are really small enabling global high resolution maps fast map loads and efficient caching. 
    
**Q16 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Why use </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>raster tile maps instead of other </span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>methods such as WMS to display and navigate maps?</span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;></span><br/>**
> - WMS typically display a single large image with arrow buttons to navigate to nearby areas. Raster tile maps are displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet. 
    
**Q17 what is the most popular way to display maps for navigation<br/>**
> - rasters
    
**Q18 What is ArcGIS Insight?<br/>**
> - It's a web based data analytics platform that allows a user to explore both spatial and nonspatial data powered by location
    
**Q19 What is the most common form of data for web maps and why?<br/>**
> - Raster is the the most common form of webmap because it is simple to make and observe.
    
**Q20 what does a workbook do?<br/>**
> - it stores all pages data and processes from your analysis
    
**Q21 The internal structure of a Vector Tile?<br/>**
> - Layers Features Geometry Encoding and Feature Attributes.
    
**Q22 What does PNG stand for?<br/>**
> - Portable Network Graphic 
    
**Q23 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q24 What does vector tiles do?<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>make huge maps fast while offering full design flexibility.</span>
    
**Q25 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>How big are tiles?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>256x256 pixles</span>
    
**Q26 What are the 2 important advantages vector tiles have over fully rendered image tiles?<br/>**
> - <ul>   <li><strong>Styling</strong> - as vectors tiles can be styled when requested allowing for many map styles on global data   <li><strong>Size</strong> - vector tiles are really small enabling global high resolution maps fast map loads and efficient caching  </ul>  <br>
    
**Q27 What is a vector tile?<br/>**
> - Lines and polygons
    
**Q28 What is a raster tile map also known as?<br/>**
> - web map or a slippy map 
    
**Q29 Does a vector tile visualize information for you? If not what does a tile actually contain? <br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>No. Vvector tiles only contain data they don't describe HOW the data will be visualized.</span>
    
**Q30 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>What are major advantages to tiled maps and why?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>One major advantage is that each time the user pans most of the tiles are still relevant and can remain displayed while new tiles are fetched.  This greatly improves the user experience compared to fetching a single map image for the whole viewport.  Another advantages is that it also allows individual tiles to be pre-computed which is a easy task to parallelize.  Also displaying rendered images served from a web server is much less computationally demanding than rendering images in the browser which is a benefit over technologies such as WFS.</p>  <br>
    
**Q31 Would you recommend this class to a fellow student?<br/>**
> - Absolutely because I do not get this kind of knowledge in any other class.  
    
**Q32 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Whenever performing tasks such as hosting tile layers feature layers and scene layers published by members of the portal</span> what is one thing that must be done to the ArcGIS server site? <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><br></span><br/>**
> - The ArcGIS server site must be Federated with your portal which integrates the security and sharing models of your portal with one or more ArcGIS server sites. 
    
**Q33 Explain how vector tiles make huge maps fast while staying flexible<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>As the name suggests vector tiles contain vector data instead of the rendered image. They contain geometries and metadata – like road names place names house numbers – in a compact structured format. Vector tiles are rendered only when requested by a client like a web browser or a mobile app</span>
    
**Q34 How is the radius measured? <br/>**
> - The radius is measured in pixels not map units. 
    
**Q35 When speed is an issue (faster map loads) which is preferable: Vector or Raster? <br/>**
> - Vectors are faster due to having vector data instead of a fully rendered image.
    
**Q36 What are raster tile maps?<br/>**
> - A map displayed in a browser by seamlessly joining dozens of individually requested image files over the internet.
    
