# Easy
**Q1 What is your analysis done in in Insights?<br/>**
> - workbook
> - notebook
> - journal
> - diary
    
**Q2 Which of the following is false about Insights for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - It comes with copy/paste html
> - It has a drag and drop interface
> - It has spatial and non-spatial visualizaitons
> - it has an analysis view
    
**Q3 Which of this application on ArcGIS Online is a  <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data answer questions you didn't know to ask and quickly deliver powerful results.</span><br/>**
> - Insights for ArcGIS
> - Inside with ArcGIS
> - Intel for ArcGIS
> - Inside for ArcGIS
    
**Q4 which of the following is not an insight feature?<br/>**
> - Scene builder
> - Enable location
> - Analysis view
> - Interactive cards
    
**Q5 How does Insights for ArcGIS work?<br/>**
> - all of the above
> - bring in your data
> - apply spatial thinkng
> - show your work
    
**Q6 What is the term for arcgis insights data display features?<br/>**
> - Cards
> - Lists
> - Banks
> - Repositories
    
**Q7 Which is not a feature of ARCGIS insights?<br/>**
> - Automatically available on ARCGIS online
> - Drag & Drop Interface
> - Interactive Cards
> - Enable Location
    
**Q8 In insights where is your analysis done?<br/>**
> - A workbook
> - A database
> - A map
> - A link
    
**Q9 Whats a benefit to insight?<br/>**
> - Open file sharing with random people
> - Question ID 5
> - Enter your text for question 2.
> - Does insight allow you to use multiple maps 
    
**Q10 What are some og Insights features?<br/>**
> - All of the above
> - drag and drop interface
> - enable location
> - interactive cards
    
**Q11 <h2 style=margin-top: 24.0px;margin-bottom: 16.0px;font-size: 1.5em;font-weight: 600;padding-bottom: 0.3em;border-bottom: 1.0px solid rgb(234236239);color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What does insights for ArcGIS let you do?</h2><br/>**
> - All the above
> - Interactive cards
> - Drag and drop interface
> - Spatial and Non-spatial visualizations
    
**Q12 What feature is not in ArcGIS insight?<br/>**
> - Google
> - Basemap
> - AddData
> - Undo
    
**Q13 Is ArcGIS web-based? <br/>**
> - Yes
> - No
> - Only Sometimes
> - Never
    
**Q14 In Insights what <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>button can be used to create cards without dragging fields or datasets?<br></span><br/>**
> - All of the above
> - map
> - chart
> - table
    
**Q15 What is an alternative to using D3<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Insights
> - Chart Builder
> - Excel Pro
> - WWE
    
**Q16 Which of the following is not a feature of workbook?<br/>**
> - Georeferencing
> - Creating Relationships
> - Building maps charts and tables
> - Analysis View
    
**Q17 What is not how insights for ArcGIS works?<br/>**
> - Working on the server
> - Bringing in your data
> - Applying spatial thinking
> - Showing your work
    
**Q18 Which of the following is not a step/description of how ArcGIS Insights works?<br/>**
> - Buy an Amazon server
> - Bring in your data
> - Apply spatial thinking
> - Show your work
    
**Q19 Which of the following options is not a step on how Insights for ArcGIS works?<br/>**
> - Collect data
> - Bring in your data
> - Apply spatial thinking
> - Show your work
    
**Q20 Which of these is not how Insight for ArcGIS works?<br/>**
> - Add new layers
> - Bring in your data
> - Apply Spatial thinking
> - Show your work
    
**Q21 What is the first step for insights working for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Bring in your data
> - Apply Spatial Thinking
> - Show off Your Work
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q22 Which of these is not a feature of Insights?<br/>**
> - Static cards
> - Enable location
> - Spatial visualization
> - Analysis view
    
**Q23 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Which of the following is not a feature of Insights?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - Non-interactive cards
> - Drag and drop interface
> - Enable location
> - Spatial and non-spatial visualizations
    
**Q24 Which of the following is excel<br/>**
> - .xlsx
> - .exl
> - .xl
> - .excel
    
**Q25 What is not a role of arcgis insights?<br/>**
> - create questions
> - Bring in your data
> - Show your work
> - Apply spatial thinking
    
**Q26 Which of the following is not a step in creating Insights for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Import data via ArcCatalog
> - Bring in your data via drag-and-drop or connect to enterprise databases
> - Apply spatial thinking
> - Show your work with step-by-step models
    
**Q27 Who makes Insight?<br/>**
> - Esri
> - A&M
> - Open-source
> - US government
    
**Q28 What we need to do for deploy an app<br/>**
> - Use proxy
> - sell it
> - buy a web service
> - all above
    
**Q29 Which of these is a feature in Arc Insights<br/>**
> - interactive cards
> - click interface
> - scene view
> - same as ArcOnline
    
**Q30 Are vector tiles the bees knees?<br/>**
> - of course
> - nah
> - maybe
> - idk
    
**Q31 What is NOT a feature of Insights?<br/>**
> - Blazing it up
> - Drag and drop interface
> - enable location
> - Analysis view
    
**Q32 What is ArcGIS Insights powered by?<br/>**
> - Location
> - Direction
> - Attributes
> - Reality
    
**Q33 what can you use instead if you are not very savvy with D3 and Javascript to visualize data?<br/>**
> - ArcGIS Insights
> - HighChair.cv
> - SceneViewer
> - Map View
    
**Q34 <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>where are the credentials of your portal accounts are stored?</span><br/>**
> - identity store
> - settings
> - account management
> - edit menu
    
**Q35 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>You can log in to the portal website and ______________ or tables from CSV files that you have stored on your computer.</span><br/>**
> - publish features
> - share features
> - save features
> - post features
    
**Q36 Which of the following is not a function of ArcGIS<br/>**
> - Generate automated workflow
> - Create Charts
> - Explore Workbooks
> - Create Workbooks
    
# Medium
**Q1 <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is one of the benefits of Insights?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>it is easy to interact with multiple maps</span>
    
**Q2 How does Insights for ArcGIS allow you to show your work?<br/>**
> - Insights enables the user to share their analysis in a step by step model.
    
**Q3 How does exploring your workbook help you in Insights for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Using a new software product for the first time can be intimidating. This section walks you through some of the key aspects of the user interface so that you are more comfortable with it when you start to perform your analysis. If you are already familiar with buttons and controls in Insights you can skip this section.</span>
    
**Q4 How do you Use the card filter?<br/>**
> - <ol>   <li>Expand the layer you want   <li>Select the<em></em> field you want and drag it to the <strong>Chart</strong> drop zone to create a chart.   <li> Click the <strong>Card Filter</strong> button and apply a filter to the field you choose. Click <strong>Apply</strong>.  </ol>  <br>
    
**Q5 The portal you specify to manage licenses i known as the?<br/>**
> - licensing portal
    
**Q6 What is the usefulness of Arcgis insights in relation to your enterprise data?<br/>**
> -  Insights provides the ability to aggregate summarize and incorporate it data through Arc gis enterprise
    
**Q7 What is the advantage of ARCGIS insights?<br/>**
> - Able to create a D3 or JS type map without using them if you are weak with them. Available on ARCGIS online.
    
**Q8 How does insights for ArcGIS work?<br/>**
> - Bring in your data apply spatial thinking and show your work 
    
**Q9 Does insight allow you to use multiple maps <br/>**
> - Yes it does  <br>
    
**Q10 What is the purpose of ArcGIS Insights?  <br><br/>**
> - Perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services
    
**Q11 Why would you use ArcGIS Insights?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Avenir Next W01&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next W00&quot;  &quot;Avenir Next&quot;  Avenir  &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 17.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Work in an environment where visualization and analysis happen at the same time. Simply drag and drop your data then analyze and refine. Ask questions get answers and keep going. Insights for ArcGIS uses guided workflows to make it easy for anyone to solve spatial problems.</span>
    
**Q12 What are some features of ArcGIS insight?<br/>**
> - Drag and drop</p>  <p>Interactive cards</p>  <p>Enable location</p>  <p>Spatial and nonspatial visualizations</p>  <p>Analysis view
    
**Q13 Another way to describe ArcGIS Insights?<br/>**
> - Data Analytics Workbench
    
**Q14 What is a benefit of using Insights?<br/>**
> - Insights makes it easy to interact with multiple maps.
    
**Q15 How does the basic process of Insights work?<br/>**
> - First bring in your data. Second apply spacial thinking. Finally show your work. 
    
**Q16 Explain what Insights for ArcGIS is<br/>**
> - Insights is an app accessed through portal that allows a user to perform data analysis on any ArcGIS web service or database.
    
**Q17 What does Insights for ArcGIS allow you to access?<br/>**
> - It allows you to access <span style=font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: normal;letter-spacing: normal;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;word-spacing: 0.0px;>your portal that allows you to perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services Excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases.</span>
    
**Q18 What does Insights allow you to perform?<br/>**
> - it allows you to perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases.
    
**Q19 What do workbooks do for you in Insights?<br/>**
> - A workbook stores all of the pages data and processes from your analysis.
    
**Q20 What is the configuration of Insights for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Insights for ArcGIS is an app you access through your portal that allows you to perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services Excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases.
    
**Q21 What does it mean to Apply Spatial Thinking? <br/>**
> - Leverage familiar GIS tools for summarization aggeration analysis and more via the action button. 
    
**Q22 Where is analysis performed in Insights and what does it store?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>In Insights your analysis is done in a workbook. A workbook stores all of the pages data and processes from your analysis. </span>
    
**Q23 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>List and explain the 3 steps of how Insights for ArcGIS works.</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin-top: 0;margin-bottom: 0;vertical-align: middle;><span style=font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>The first step is to bring in your data by connecting to enterprise databases dragging and dropping your data onto a page and visualizing data on cards as maps charts and tables to unlock endless possibilities for analysis and data exploration.  The second step is to apply spatial thinking by leveraging familiar GIS tools for summarization aggregation statistics analysis and more via the action button.  Alternatively you can perform a simple drag and drop to bring in your data onto another map card.  The third step is to show your work by clearly communicating how you arrived at your conclusion and sharing a step-by-step model of your analysis or detailing the final results of a workbook internally or externally.</span></p>  <br>
    
**Q24 Explain how Insight works for ArcGIS<br/>**
> - 1. Bring in data</p>  <p>2. Apply spatial thinking</p>  <p>3. Show your work
    
**Q25 What is ArcGIS Insights?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;>ArcGIS Insights is a web-based data analytics tool where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data.</span></span>
    
**Q26 Define ArcGIS Insights and its main purpose.<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>It is a web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data. The purpose of Insights is to be able to analyze your data based on its location. </span>
    
**Q27 What dose your insight let you do?<br/>**
> - It lets you create many different types of graph and charts for you data in which you select.
    
**Q28 The step for deploy an app<br/>**
> - 1. download the app to self drive</p>  <p>2. find the config.json add proxy property to it <span style=color: rgb(898989);font-family: Consolas  &quot;Andale Mono&quot;  &quot;Lucida Console&quot;  Monaco  &quot;Courier New&quot;  Courier  monospace;font-size: 12.75px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><br></span></p>  <p>3. add and register the app </p>  <p>4. copy the appID to appid property in config.josn
    
**Q29 How does insight for ArcGIS work?<br/>**
> - Bring in data apply spatial thinking show your work
    
**Q30 how does the dynamic compare to the vector and the cached?<br/>**
> - It is slowest and the vector is the fastest
    
**Q31 What is ArcGIS Insights?<br/>**
> - Insights for ArcGIS is a web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data answer questions you didn't know to ask and quickly deliver powerful results. Insights is all about data analytics powered by location.
    
**Q32 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What </span>is<span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> ArcGIS Insights?</span> <br/>**
> - A web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data. 
    
**Q33 How do you access ArcGIS Insights? Are there limitations?<br/>**
> - There is no desktop version so it is limited to ArcGIS Online. Another limitation is that you have access to Portal and it must be enabled for you.  <br>
    
**Q34 give two examples of federating servers.<br/>**
> - <p style=>- Configure your site with a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity provid</p>  <p style=>-Host tile layers feature layers and scene layers published by members of the portal.</p>  <br>
    
**Q35 What happens when you publish a hosted feature layer from ArcGIS pro to your portal? <br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>The feature data is copied from your source to the relational data store registered with your portal's hosting server.</span>
    
**Q36 <span style=font-size: small;>What should you do on<span style=color: rgb(364146);font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>ce you've configured Insights licenses for your organization?</span> </span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Assign licenses to yourself and your portal members. </span>
    
# Hard
**Q1 What can you easily create in Insight ?<br/>**
> - charts </p>  <p>tables</p>  <p>maps
    
**Q2 What is an important feature of Insights for ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - Insights allows the user to incorporate supplemental data such as charts and graphs along with the main data to help the user more clearly define their map's purpose.
    
**Q3 <Unanswered><br/>**
> - <Unanswered>
    
**Q4 How do you create a new workbook?<br/>**
> - <ol>   <li>Open Insights and sign in to your account. You can access Insights through the gallery of apps in your ArcGIS Online organization.   <li>On the <strong>Workbooks</strong> page click <strong>New workbook</strong>.   <li>In the <strong>Add To Page</strong> window click <strong>Living Atlas</strong>.   <li>In the <strong>Search</strong> box search for <em>Congress</em>. Select <strong>USA 115th Congressional Districts</strong> and <strong>USA 114th Congressional Districts</strong>. Click <strong>Add</strong>.  </ol>  <br>
    
**Q5 One benefit of Insights is that it is?<br/>**
> - Easy to interact with multiple maps.
    
**Q6  Where do you access Arc gis insights?<br/>**
> - through your organizations Arc gis portal
    
**Q7 Why is it important to have something like ARCGIS insights?<br/>**
> - It makes coding a nice webmap easy for those who dont know or dont need to know how to code with JS and D3 and need a nice webmap. Much faster and easier to visualize data in many different ways.
    
**Q8 What is insights for ArcGIS<br/>**
> - <span style=font-size: small;font-style: normal;background-color: rgb(255255255);>An app you access through your portal that allows you to perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services Excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases.</span>
    
**Q9 What is the relationship between living atlas and insights <br/>**
> - Insights allows the users to use the living atlas in their maps to add current atlas data to them 
    
**Q10 Insights is all about data analytics powered by what?<br/>**
> - Location
    
**Q11 What are the benefits of ArcGIS insights to other competitors such as Spotfire etc.<br/>**
> - Everything would be in the same place. Maps and data would be with everything you had all with ESRI products Functionally they all work the same.
    
**Q12 Describe how ArcGIS insights works<br/>**
> - Bring in your data</p>  <p>Apply spatial thinking</p>  <p>Show work
    
**Q13 True or False: ArcGIS Insight is slow?<br/>**
> - FALSE
    
**Q14 <span style=color: rgb(000);font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;  Helvetica  Arial  sans-serif;font-size: 13.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>What is Insights and what does it allow you to do?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;> Insights for ArcGIS is an app you access through your portal that allows you to perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services Excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases. </span> 
    
**Q15 How must you access Insights? <br/>**
> - You access Insights inside of your portal. 
    
**Q16 How is Insight analysis performed?<br/>**
> - Analysis in Insights is achieved through a workbook that stores any and all data pages and processes from previous analysis.
    
**Q17 Why can using a new software product be intimidating?<br/>**
> - It can be intimidating because of all the new functions and abilities that the interface has.
    
**Q18 Describe Insights for ArcGIS<br/>**
> - It is a web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data answer questions you didn't know to ask and quickly deliver powerful results.
    
**Q19 What is ArcGIS Insights?<br/>**
> - It is an app that you can access through your portal that allows you to perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services Excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases.
    
**Q20 What is Insights for ArcGIS and what is it all about?<br/>**
> - Insights for ArcGIS is a web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data answer questions you didn't know to ask and quickly deliver powerful results. Insights is all about data analytics powered by location.
    
**Q21 What are somethings you can do in your workbook?<br/>**
> - Add data hit the undo/redo button. Create a relationship button. 
    
**Q22 What kind of chart do you think best compliments a map of GDP per capita across the United States?<br/>**
> - Answers will vary. I think showing how this GDP has changed over time using a line map would be useful. Another idea is using a bar/column chart to display the shape of the data like a histogram.
    
**Q23 <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Why would someone choose to use ArcGIS Insights?</p>  <br><br/>**
> - <p style=margin: 0.0in;font-family: Calibri;font-size: 11.0pt;>Someone may choose to use ArcGIS Insights since it is a web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and non-spatial data answer questions you didn't know to ask and quickly deliver powerful results.  Insights is all about data analytics powered by location.  ArcGIS Insights is an alternative to using D3 or JavaScript.</p>  <br>
    
**Q24 What is ArcGIS Insights<br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>Insights for ArcGIS is a web-based data analytics workbench where you can explore spatial and nonspatial data answer questions you didn't know to ask and quickly deliver powerful results. Insights is all about data analytics powered by location.</span>
    
**Q25 Why is insights beneficial?<br/>**
> - It is a good program to view multiple maps at once.
    
**Q26 What does Insights for ArcGIS allow you to do?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-family: arial  helvetica  sans-serif;font-size: small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Perform iterative and exploratory data analysis on ArcGIS web services Excel spreadsheets and data stored in databases.</span>
    
**Q27 Why use insight ?<br/>**
> - It lets you create useful visualizations of you data to show people your data in a easy way. 
    
**Q28 How insight work for arcgis<br/>**
> - 1. input you data work</p>  <p>2. perform spatial analysis</p>  <p>3. display your work output
    
**Q29 In what way is Insights better than ArcGIS?<br/>**
> - It is much easier to interact with multiple maps as well as creating charts and graphs
    
**Q30 Does vector have continuous zoom? What doesn't have continuous zoom?<br/>**
> - yes and cached and dynamic do not?
    
**Q31 How does Insights for ArcGIS work?<br/>**
> - <ol>   <li><strong>Bring in your data.</strong> Connect to enterprise databases. Drag and drop your data onto a page. Visualize data on cards as maps charts and tables to unlock endless possibilities for analysis and data exploration.   <li><strong>Apply spatial thinking.</strong> Leverage familiar GIS tools for summarization aggregation statistics analysis and more via the action button. Or perform a simple drag and drop to bring in your data onto another map card.   <li><strong>Show your work.</strong> Clearly communicate how you arrived at your conclusion. Share a step-by-step model of your analysis or detail the final results of a workbook internally or externally.  </ol>  <br>
    
**Q32 Through what avenue can you gain access to your ArcGIS Insight?<br/>**
> - Through the Portal 
    
**Q33 What is a data exploration tool and is this an application of Insights?<br/>**
> - A data exploration tool is where you can compare data with real-time visualizations such as tables charts and graphs. Insights is a good data exploration tool as there are many options for data visualization highly interactive UI can compare spatial and non-spatial data and overlay multiple regions and data at the same time.
    
**Q34 explain the reasoning behind having a high available portal<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;>Configuring high availability is an advanced task that requires an extensive understanding of portal administration scripting and networking. Before you install and configure Portal for ArcGIS you must configure your organization's load balancer to forward requests to the portal software. Additionally you need to set up a file server to contain the portal's content directory and decide how ArcGIS Server will communicate with Portal for ArcGIS</span>
    
**Q35 <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>When considering how to leverage distributed collaboration for your organizational needs what is one example of a common deployment patter to consider?</span><br/>**
> - <span style=display: inline;float: none;background-color: transparent;color: rgb(364146);font-size: 16.0px;font-style: normal;font-variant: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-align: left;text-decoration: none;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;>A centralized hub pattern where a centralized organization aggregates content from several other organizations.</span>
    
**Q36 What else can Insights allow you to do?<br/>**
> - <span style=color: rgb(364146);font-size: xx-small;font-style: normal;font-weight: 400;letter-spacing: normal;orphans: 2;text-indent: 0.0px;text-transform: none;white-space: normal;widows: 2;word-spacing: 0.0px;><span style=font-size: small;> Insights </span>makes<span style=font-size: small;> it easy to create charts and tables as well as maps. The following steps walk you through creating charts to pair with your maps.</span> </span>
    
