# TAMU WEBGIS: Lab 5
>
>**Topic:** Basic Javascript Mapping with Leaflet JS
> 

# Due Dates and Submission Instructions
> **Online Program**: [Online Program Dues Dates & Submission Instructions](https://github.tamu.edu/TAMU-GEOG-678-WebGIS/Online/blob/master/submissions/05.md)
>
> **Residential Program**: [Residential Program Dues Dates & Submission Instructions](https://github.tamu.edu/TAMU-GEOG-678-WebGIS/Residential/blob/master/submissions/05.md)

# Outcomes
This lab will quickly get you started on Leaflet basics for web map applications including:
1) setting up a Leaflet map
2) working with markers, polylines and popups
3) dealing with events.


# What is Leaflet?
Leaflet is the leading open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps. Weighing just about 38 KB of JS, it has all the mapping features most developers ever need.


# In-class Practice:
### Preparing your page <br  />
Before writing any code for the map, you need to do the following preparation steps on your page:
- Create a new html file with basic components
```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <title>add a title</title>
  </head>
  <body></body>
</html>
```
- Include Leaflet CSS file in the head section of your document:
```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/leaflet@1.3.1/dist/leaflet.css"
   integrity="sha512-Rksm5RenBEKSKFjgI3a41vrjkw4EVPlJ3+OiI65vTjIdo9brlAacEuKOiQ5OFh7cOI1bkDwLqdLw3Zg0cRJAAQ=="
   crossorigin=""/>
```
- Include Leaflet JavaScript file after Leaflet’s CSS:
```html
 <!-- Make sure you put this AFTER Leaflet's CSS -->
 <script src="https://unpkg.com/leaflet@1.3.1/dist/leaflet.js"
   integrity="sha512-/Nsx9X4HebavoBvEBuyp3I7od5tA0UzAxs+j83KgC8PU0kgB4XiK4Lfe4y4cgBtaRJQEIFCW+oC506aPT2L1zw=="
   crossorigin=""></script>
```
- Put a div element with a certain id where you want your map to be:
```html
 <div id="mapid"></div>
```
- Make sure the map container has a defined height, for example by setting it in CSS:
```html
#mapid { height: 180px; }
```

### Setting up the map <br  />
Let’s create a map of the center of London with pretty Mapbox Streets tiles. First we’ll initialize the map and set its view to our chosen geographical coordinates and a zoom level:

```javascript
var mymap = L.map('mapid').setView([51.505, -0.09], 13);
```

Next we’ll add a tile layer to add to our map, in this case it’s a Mapbox Streets tile layer. Creating a tile layer usually involves setting the URL template for the tile images, the attribution text and the maximum zoom level of the layer. In this example we’ll use the mapbox.streets tiles from Mapbox’s “Classic maps” (in order to use tiles from Mapbox, you must also [request an access token](https://www.mapbox.com/account/access-tokens/)).

```javascript
L.tileLayer('https://api.tiles.mapbox.com/v4/{id}/{z}/{x}/{y}.png?access_token={accessToken}', {
    attribution: 'Map data &copy; <a href="http://openstreetmap.org">OpenStreetMap</a> contributors, <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/">CC-BY-SA</a>, Imagery © <a href="http://mapbox.com">Mapbox</a>',
    maxZoom: 18,
    id: 'mapbox.streets',
    accessToken: 'your.mapbox.access.token'
}).addTo(mymap);
```


### Markers, circles and polygon <br  />
Besides tile layers, you can easily add other things to your map, including markers, polylines, polygons, circles, and popups. Let’s add a marker:
```javascript
var marker = L.marker([51.5, -0.09]).addTo(mymap);
```
Adding a circle is the same (except for specifying the radius in meters as a second argument), but lets you control how it looks by passing options as the last argument when creating the object:
```javascript
var circle = L.circle([51.508, -0.11], {
    color: 'red',
    fillColor: '#f03',
    fillOpacity: 0.5,
    radius: 500
}).addTo(mymap);
```
Adding a polygon is as easy:
```javascript
var polygon = L.polygon([
    [51.509, -0.08],
    [51.503, -0.06],
    [51.51, -0.047]
]).addTo(mymap);
```
### Working with popups <br  />
Popups are usually used when you want to attach some information to a particular object on a map. Leaflet has a very handy shortcut for this:
```javascript
marker.bindPopup("<b>Hello world!</b><br>I am a popup.").openPopup();
circle.bindPopup("I am a circle.");
polygon.bindPopup("I am a polygon.");
```

### Dealing with events
Every time something happens in Leaflet, e.g. user clicks on a marker or map zoom changes, the corresponding object sends an event which you can subscribe to with a function. It allows you to react to user interaction:

```javascript
function onMapClick(e) {
    alert("You clicked the map at " + e.latlng);
}

mymap.on('click', onMapClick);
```

### Geolocation
Leaflet has a very handy shortcut for zooming the map view to the detected location — locate method with the setView option, replacing the usual setView method in the code:
```html
map.locate({setView: true, maxZoom: 16});
```
# **Tasks:**
1. Finish the first three online Leaflet tutorials - create working HTML pages in your repo for each of the tutorials
- [Tutorial 1: Leaflet Quick Start Guide](https://leafletjs.com/SlavaUkraini/examples/quick-start/)
- [Tutorial 2: Leaflet on Mobile](https://jgengle.github.io/Leaflet/examples/mobile/)
- [Tutorial 3: Markers With Custom Icons](https://jgengle.github.io/Leaflet/examples/custom-icons/)

2. Build a custom web map that integrates each of the tutorials
- give your webpage a title e.g. "Yourname First Web Map"
- zoom the map view to the detected location using *locate* method
- draw a circle around the **Kyle Field** with a popup 
- create custom icons with popups for **O&M** and **Academic Building**
- create an event which enables you to see the coordinates in a popup when you click on the map

# **To Hand In:**
***Github - 4 html files***
1. Upload **4 html files** (one for each tutorial and one for custom web map) to your lab\05\ folder

***Ecampus - 4 screenshots and one link***
>
2. Open the **Custom_Map.html** you created in a browser and take a screenshot of your custom map and upload it Ecampus
3. Take screenshots of your online tutorials and send them to Ecampus. 
4. Submit the link to your Github lab\05\ folder to Ecampus.  

# Grading Rubric
>
1. Tutorials 45pt (15*3 pt).
2. Custom Web Map 50pt (locate function 10pt, circle with a popup 10pt, custom icons with popups 20pt, event showing coordinates in a popup 10pt).
3. Successfully upload files to GitHub 5pt.
<!--
## Videos
[Video 1 - Lab 4](https://youtu.be/ZKnJFfx7-XI)
-->


